
Who is it?

It's me, baby

What?

Yeah It's me... It's me, open the door

I thought you left me, what you doing back here?

Listen, baby, they have stole my car

What you mean they stole your car?

I had it parked around the corner and somebody stole my car. Open the door. Open the door, baby

Na na now look Lee, I'm tired of your lies and we done been through this before. And we ain't going through this here again. You hear me?

Listen this is different this time, listen. Just open up the door, open up the door, let me explain to you

What you've got to say for yourself now... hmm?

Check this out, girl

I just came by to get my things
How was I to know some joker would steal my ride?
Now it's past midnight and the bus is not running no more
Would it be asking too much for me to come inside?

Now Lee, I told you
I don't want you around here no more
We both said it was better for a while
If we didn't meet, yeah

Now I understand, baby
But they stole my automobile
After all we've been through together
You can't just leave me out here in the street

Ain't no other way, but to stay
Now I'm stranded in your love
Girl, I just can't hide it, 'cause I'm still inside it
What you do to me
Now I'm stranded in your love
I keep trying to move on, but that old feeling ain't gone
And I'm in misery

Now, I'm gonna let you in baby
But you don't take me wrong
Make me change my mind
I send you right back out this door, yeah

Well, use my phone to call your brother
And if you can't get a ride
I guess I'll make you a bed over here
And you can sleep on the floor, yeah

I don't mean to take advantage
But my brother is fast asleep
When I don't sleep in a bed
I get mighty sore, oh my

Well, I guess there ain't any reason
To be uncomfortable
And if it's just for one night
We might as well do it like we've done before

Is this romance or circumstance
Now I'm stranded in your love
I try and try but I just can't get by
What you do to me
Now I'm stranded in your love
People don't tend to go from lover to friend
It ain't meant to be

Come here girl, let me hug you. I ain't going to try no tricky moves

You know Lee, you always been a fast mover... I knew once I let you in the door you was going to wiggle your way back in...

Mmm mmm this feel good babe, been a long time since I had you in my arms like this

You so slick

Now I'm stranded in your love
There ain't no love like this wretched love
I can only get from you
And only you

Now I'm stranded in your love
I keep trying to move on
But that old feeling ain't gone
And I'm in misery

Now I'm stranded in your love
I, I tried, I tried, I tried
But I just can't find no one
Make me feel like you do

Now I'm stranded
