
It would be simple, wouldn't it?
My father was away trapping
Watch lives
What happened to you?
Magic
What's magic?

Out with the vision myself (Myself)
I had to fend for myself (Myself)
I get the green like it's kelp (It's kelp)
I put that shit in the pail (Pail)
Make sure my mama do well (Do well)
All of my bitches do well (Do well)
All of my bitches do well (Do well)
My bitches shine like jew-els (Jew-els)
I get that cash through the wire (Wire)
I make 'em plays on the cell (Cell)
I free my sister out cell (Cell)
I got that check through the mail (The mail)
Jupiter, jumbo, or giant (Giant)
Whippin' that paint, Jumbalaya ('laya)
I held your hoe with a spell (Spell)
I put that bitch on the trail (Trail)
Hope I be smoking the finest (Finest)
Running the game like a tyrant (Tyrant)
Winter when nothing else fails (Fails)
Winter still bringing you hell (You hell)
Simply sin for me, bitch, sing a symphony
Bitch just defending me, she thought that this was skin-deep (Deep)
Been took a bag, been told you that you been weak
Been had the mag, been on the line, assembly
Tragedy in the street (Street)
Lookin' for someone to laugh with me, incomplete
Lookin' for someone to match with me, Desert Eagle
Lookin' for someone that blast for me, Desert Eagle
Lookin' for someone to fly with me, get high with me, no Visine
Just see what my eyes see, open my eyes, free me
Just remind me where I'm from and what's going on
What's happening? The gas going, the motor flowing
Bitch, what's happening? Remind me where I'm from
And what's happening? The motor going, the gas flowing
Bitch, what's happening?

I did some dirt with the clique
Went and got cliqued by myself
Couldn't belittle myself
Couldn't be all weak-as-hell (Hell)
I just be weary of self (Self)
I had to fend for myself (I had to fend for myself)
Had to get low like the jail pose
Check rear-view, then lose the tail, bro (Check rear-view, then lose the tail)
I'ma skip over the hellhole
I had the vision myself
They clouded me at a standstill
I picked up a penny and left (Penny and left)
I picked up the clip (With a step) with a step
Singular current event, everything we in the midst of
How long you waiving the rent? (Ugh)
Moratorium extendo, I'm just evading the pit
Ain't no parade in the tent (Tent)
Fuck out my face with syringe
Fixing my face, feigning interest
'Lone, all my patience get thin (Everything takes patience)
Everything he say, I missed it
Can't believe you get paid for this shit (Whatever stock up the shelves)
Whatever stock up the shelves
Niggas thinking that they figured it out
Hit the lab, whip up a cell
They itching for it, I seen it's been a drought
I hear the toll of the bell, tried to atone with a prayer (Prayer)
Know the toll never tell (Tell)
You gon' see when you get there, and he out, ugh

I would do anything to make my children happy
Please, black girl, is there anything you can do to help me?
Maybe there is... (Magic)
How can I make our Black children happy without any magic?
It depends upon what you tell them
Magic is only make-believe and our children do not need to grow up in a make-believe world. You need to tell them the truth and help make them feel proud of who they are. The magic of truth is much more powerful than magic of make-believe
But what can I tell them?
Tell them that they're beautiful. Tell them that they're Black
Here, take hold of my wing, and I will take you to someone who can give you something even better than magic
