
Mamacita, a li'l margarita
A li'l shot tequila
And now you dancing like a ballerina
Have you seen her?
Balenciaga sneaker
Ain't new to product either
Wr-wrist, neck, ears on Aquafina
Have you seen her?
A li'l margarita
A li'l shot tequila
Now she dancing like a ballerina
Have you seen her?
Remind me of a diva, Rihanna or Aaliyah
Now she got the keys to my Sim Simma
Sim Simma, who got the keys to my Beamer?
Who am I

Shh
Li'l mamacita, have you seen her?
I give her a shot of this tequila, now she dancing all around like a ballerina
Wrist, neck, ears on Aquafina
Have you seen her?
Big drip, I got Raf, Rick on, on the sneakers?
Huh, you can't play the game so you sitting on the bleachers
And you just gon' watch me ball with my brothers, not the
I can see that you ain't proud (You ain't proud)
Huh, I can see the hate every time you see me smile
I can see that you ain't down, you just really want be around
Li'l mamacita, let me take you all around

A li'l shot tequila, li'l margarita (Where is my mind?)
Showed her the way we do it, she ain't go back to her (Where is my mind?)
Another shot tequila, can you put up your speaker? (Where is my mind?)
You remind me of a diva, goddamn I gotta see her (Where is my mind?)
Can you see her? (Where is my mind?)

Mamacita, li'l margarita, li'l shot tequila
Now she dancing like a ballerina, have you seen her?
'Cause you the one I dream of
I'm feeling like I need her
D-dancing through my dreams like ballerinas, have you seen her?
Got me looking for her in the daytime with a flashlight, where is my mind?
Where is my mind?
Looking for her in the daytime with a flashlight, light (Where is my mind?)

Where (where) is my mind (my mind)
Thinking 'bout my life like damn, I made it so far (So far)
Li'l mamacita turn me on so hard (Turning me on)
Riding through the city breaking all the laws, she gon' ride 'til the end, no, she cannot compare to y'all (Compare to y'all)
I'm loving the way she talks (Way she talks)
I can change your life around, just come and see (Come and see)
I can show you what being rich really means
I woke up feeling real floss
Huh, back to the basic shit
A to the $ to the A-P, that be the clique (Gang!)
You don't know my name or see my face, get a look then we gone
See the baddest Spanish mami, yeah, I guess I'm taking her home

Li'l mamacita, have you seen her?
I give her a shot of this tequila, now she dancing all around (Where is my mind?)
I give her a shot of this tequila, now she dancing all around like a ballerina (Where is my mind?)
Where is my mind?

Mamacita, li'l margarita, li'l shot tequila
Now she dancing like a ballerina, have you seen her?
'Cause you the one I dream of
I'm feeling like I need her
D-dancing through my dreams like ballerinas, have you seen her?
Got me looking for her in the daytime with a flashlight, where is my mind?
Where is my mind?
Looking for her in the daytime with a flashlight, light (Where is my mind, where is my)
