
Woo
Haha, shittin' me?
Fuck outta here nigga, uh

Shittin' me? (Woo, shittin' me?)
Gotta be kiddin' me
How could you shit on me?
You ain't got shit on me (Woo, fuck outta here)
Shittin' me?
Gotta be kiddin' me (Kiddin' me)
How could you shit on me?
You ain't got shit on me (Go, everybody kickin' it)

Why they choose my pubes anytime they wanna sit? (Go, go)
Couldn't ride the wave and now you ridin' dick (Shittin' me)
Some bitches got no shame, 'cause they rely on dick (Go, go)
Talkin' 'bout a tip (Is you shittin' me? haha)
Ride around town on meds (Ah)
Louisville, dodgin' shit (Ah)
Niggas don't dodge, don't miss (Ah)
But shorty goin' down on this (Woo)
Riverside, right a mess (Ah)
.380 by the leg (Ah)
Got me feelin' like 'Pac and shit (Realest out, motherfucker)
You niggas still poppin' shit?
Stay to what's mine, state of my mind
I stay to myself, mostly (Woah)
I stay on yo' mind, I stay in yo' mouth
You stay in denial, mostly (Woah)
Mosh it out, I need a new towel
Jump in the crowd, hold me (Moshpit)
I fight in the crowd, that's two hunnid thou'
The world is mine now, Tony (Moshpit, open that moshpit up)

Shittin' me? (Woo, shittin' me?)
Gotta be kiddin' me (Woo)
Sit and they look at me (Woo)
Just look at the drip on me (Fuck outta here)
Shittin' me?
Gotta be kiddin' me (Kiddin' me)
Fuck, how could you shit on me?
You ain't got shit on me (Go, go, everybody kickin' it)

Stay away from Flacko 'cause it's always lit (Go, go)
Fuck her like the curfew, girl, I'm goin' next (Go, go, shittin' me)
All I need's a moment with my pad and pen (Go, go)
You sleepin' on me (Is you shittin' me?)
Praise the Lord for my niggas, then thank Krash for this beat
I thank the Lord for my bitches that I smash every week
I put a hole in her guts and now ho go fast asleep
Since she been owin' me for months and left my message on seen (Is you shittin' me? What the fuck?)
On your way to Canal, drip it or drown, thick women shout (Post)
Fast forward a few months, fast forward a few thou', you flooded it out (Post)
I'm runnin' up miles, they runnin' around, I figured it out (Post)
From runnin' your mouth, bust open your head and take it to trial

Shittin' me? (Woo, shittin' me?)
Gotta be kiddin' me
How could you shit on me?
You ain't got shit on me (Fuck outta here)
Shittin' me?
Gotta be kiddin' me (Kiddin' me)
Fuck, how could you shit on me?
You ain't got shit on me (Go, go, everybody kickin' it)

First I like to praise the Lord, I fight the demon (Go, go)
Happy every day, I'm thankful wakin', wakin' up (Go, go, shittin' me)
I'ma have to wake 'em, wake 'em, wake 'em, wake 'em (Go, go)
They sleepin' on my (Is you shittin' me?)
