

Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

We reject what we don't understand
We turn our backs on a fellow man
I wanna change, but my heart is bleedin'
Heart is hard, and can't nobody see me
I wanna be there for the ones that need me
I can't stand the pain I see on TV
Jealous 'cause they wanna be me
Damn it, man, this life ain't easy
It takes over me
My unforgiveness keeps control of me
Damn it, I gotta get a hold of me
Gotta get a hold of me, oh
What you want out of life? That's the question
This ain't a simulation, it's a blessin'
Is it a mistake or is it destined?
We ain't got no time for second-guessin'
We can't save ourselves, we need a savior
We ain't make ourselves, we need a maker
I keep failin' myself, I need somethin' new
So I lay my life down, I give it all to You


All to You, give it all to You (I give it all to You)
Give it all to You, give it all (I give it all to You), oh-oh


I came to the end of me, believin' the enemy
Comin' with that "Mmm," man, you ain't a friend of me
Nothin' can fix that, ooh, not even the Hennessy
I had to switch it up, yeah, switch up the remedy
God, can You use imperfect people? (Oh)
'Cause I'm broken through and through (Oh)
Just tell me where I need to go (Need to go)
'Cause that's all that I wanna do (All that I wanna do)
I'm a mess, but I'm tryna grow
I'm upset, but I still wanna know
Is there more for my life or is that all she wrote? (Is that all she wrote?)
Uh, is that all she wrote? (Is that all that she wrote?)
Is that all she wrote? (Is that all that she wrote?)
Is that all she wrote?


Thanks to all them Judas kisses, I got a master's in forgiveness
I don't need a jail system, I walk in conviction
I'd rather pray to God, than pray for wishes
I'm supernatural, not superstitious, there's a difference
Like relationship versus religion, that's a prison
I'm lightin' circle, then royal purple inside a prism
This flow is so universal, it came with dreams and visions
I got the keys to the kingdom, I'm 'bout my Father business
I came up straight from the bottom, I started from the finish
You can't undermine a mastermind
I may be out of your mind, but I ain't out of mine
I'm co-crucified, bury, resurrected
And perfected in the Son of God
Just like water turn to wine, I'm a prophetic sign
Ask your barber, I'm a headliner in New York Times
My life verses, I am His, yeah, and He is mine
The great "I Am's", the greatest Lamb of all time
Rebranded, redesigned and redefined
From Brandon to brand new, I'ma brand name in the household, brand too
Who are you to try to tell me what I can't do? We need a pull, huh?


You ever ask yourself, "Am I gonna make it?"
Well, I don't know, of course I can fake it
But honestly, can I go wrong?
I'm so tired, I'm so broken, I'm so weary
Oh, God, oh, God
