
D-I-E-T, D-I-E-T
You eat all the time
You sleep with Twinkies on your mind
And candy driving you insane
Food's on your brain

Ice cream by the pound
You're hiding junk food all around
Your belly grows more every day
Health's on its way

Diet
You'll feel better if you try it
Don't you know you better diet
Or you're gonna have to pay!
So diet
You'll feel better if you try it
Don't you know you gotta diet?
Or you're gonna roll away!

Shoplift by the bowl
You know you're losing all control
You've got a junk food misery
But you can't see

Get it back in hand
You've got the power to command
You've got to curb your appetite
Put up a fight

Diet (yes, diet)
You'll feel better if you try it (you gotta try it baby!)
Don't you know you better diet?
Or you're gonna have to pay! (you can do it!)

(Why don't you?) Diet (you got to see it through!)
You'll feel better if you try it (you'll see a brand new you!)
Don't you know you gotta diet (do what you got to do!)
Or you're gonna roll away!

(All right everybody, down on your stomachs, 20 push-ups, 200 sit ups, get the sweat out, get the lead out, let's see ya! Lose those pounds and fatties!)

D-I-E-T, diet!

Diet (don't you hear what I gotta say)
You'll feel better if you try it (you can't afford to let it go another day)
Don't you know you better diet (gotta love your body!)
Or you're gonna have to pay! (you can do it!)

(Why don't you?) Diet (it's not a hard thing to do)
You'll feel better if you try it (you'll see a brand new you!)
Don't you know you gotta diet (you got to see it through!)
Or you're gonna roll away! (you can do it!)

(Why don't you?) Diet (don't you hear what I gotta say)
You'll feel better if you try it (you can't afford to let it go another day)
Don't you know you better diet (you got to love your body!)
Or you're gonna have to pay! (you can do it!)

(Why don't you?) Diet (it's not a hard thing to do!)
You'll feel better if you try it (you'll see a brand new you!)
Don't you know you gotta diet (first you got to see it through!)
Or you're gonna roll away!

D-I-E-T, D-I-E-T, D-I-E-T, diet!
