
 Who can that be at one o'clock in the morning?
Hey man, come on in, what's happenin'? What's going on?
 Hey man, I got to talk to you
 Well, what's wrong?
 It's my lady, man, she's gone
 What?!
 Yeah, she left four days ago
 Are you serious?
 You don't know what it's like, you have no idea what I'm going through
Can't work... all I think about is her, day and night, night and day
I don't know what I'm gonna do
You just don't know. You just don't know what I'm going through
 You mean

You try every day
But you can't figure out
Why in the world she went away
She did not say

You miss her every night
When you reach out to touch her
She's not there to hold you tight
It doesn't seem right

Don't tell me about heartaches
I lived with one every day
So, don't tell me about heartaches
I lost someone I loved that way

I've been there. I know how it feels
I think everybody does, who's really been in love with someone

It's hard to sleep
As the night closes in
You realize you're in too deep
And you can't sleep

And you lay there awake
And you visualize her next to you
That's all it takes
And your heart breaks

So, don't tell me about heartaches
I lived with one every day
No, don't tell me about heartaches
I lost someone I loved that way
That way

Let me tell you this: it's not as bad as you think it is
Trust me, everybody goes through this
A misunderstanding, someone says the wrong thing in a passion of anger
It's obvious to me that you, you still love her, man...
And what I suggest you do is find her, and some kind of a way
Make her understand that no matter what problems you have
You can... you can overcome anything if you just communicate and relate to each other
It's love that has put you together

Believe me, man, I'm not an authority on this
But that's how I put my life back together
And I tell you, and give you the same advice I gave myself. Go for it, man
Find her and tell her that you love her and that you need her
Don't let nothing in this world keep you two apart from each other
Sure, you got ups and downs, and you got downs and ups
But don't you even think, my friend, that you're the only one that's going through this
I've been there myself. So...

Don't tell me about heartaches
No no no no, no no
Don't tell me about heartaches
I lost someone I loved that way

Don't tell me...
