
(Ah, world...!) The James Brown's world, here it is
The James Brown's world of music, folks
The Lord of funk and his disciples
Huh, wow... incredible, man, incredible
I'm speakin' about this new album, on James Brown Polydor Records
Yeah, I just finished diggin' on it, you know?
And he comes from all sides on this one
Like, each track take you from one bag to another
You know, he's lowdown, he's funky
He's sentimental, and the man is sad
Throughout the whole album, you'll find these elements of moods
And when you bag up that many moods, you got at least a lot of souls in some of the most remote areas
Music such as "Good Foot", "The Whole World Needs Liberation"
"Your Love Was Good for Me", "Cold Sweat"...

(World!) "Nothing Beats a Try But a Fail", "Lost Someone", "Funky Side of Town"... that's a little tune James, Bobby Byrd and myself did together
You know, like it's a real party, low-down, get-down sack
And then there's "Please, Please, Please", like you've never heard before, you know, the old time classic
"Ain't It a Groove", "Make It Funky (Part 3 & 4)"...

(Everybody now, everybody...)
Heh, incidentally I'm Hank Ballard, your love-sad man...
Rappin' to you on the contents of James Brown's latest album
Yeah, a living legend - that's what they call him, a living legend
And guess what? That's what the man is: a real, live, living legend

Yeah, after 18 years he's still terrorizing the music world with his funky music
And judging from his new album, he's still on the good foot of his career
James Brown world, James Brown's world of music...
Oh well, he deserves to be in the galaxy of stars
But it wasn't easy for him from the beginning
He had to fight his way though a mean, vicious jungle
You know, the jungle of show business
It's vicious out there, man, it's very vicious... ask me, I know
And my advice to all newcomers is, is that if you're a 10-minute and lookin' for mercy, still on the road that leads to mortal, passionate world
God, this one out here will eat you up alive, brother
(It's a tough world...) I mean, alive

Yeah, I got caught wanderin' around in the graveyard of losers
But I have an unshakable determination
And I was comin' out, this is not in my place, you know
So I came out and joined the James Brown production
James was the only one besides myself, that had a strong belief in my talent
I knew he could formulate a group, that would put my star back in this galaxy, you know...

James Brown world, James Brown world of music
And... wow, I'm glad I'm part of this world
So is this man of talent, Mr. Bobby Byrd, Ms. Vicki Anderson, Mr. Lee Ostin, Mr. Charles Bobbitt, and of course Bob Both, Mr. Bob Both that is; Ms. Jeanette Washington, Mr. Vanaree , and of course Fred Wesley & the JB's. Yeah man, great many brothers, you know, that I didn't have time to run of, but it's... quite a few in the James Brown world
Wow...  James Brown world of music
My man, your man, people's man
