
Big wheel (As we also smoke the ink, mane)
Yeah, yeah (Ri-ridin' in the Chevy as we also smoke the ink, mane)
Ayy, ayy (Ri-ridin' in the Chevy as we also smoke the ink, mane)
Cole, you stupid (Ridin' in the Chevy as we also smoke the ink, mane)
Bitch, yeah (Ri-ridin' in the Chevy as we also smoke the ink, mane)
Ayy (Ridin' in the Chevy as we also smoke the ink, mane)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Ri-ridin' in the Chevy as we also smoke the ink, mane)
Yeah, big wheels (Ridin' in the Chevy as we also smoke the ink, mane)
(Ridin' in the Chevy as we also smoke the ink, mane)

Big wheel got that motherfucker skatin' hard
Chill pill got me high but cannot lay with ya
Last year, you was my bitch, now you my baby girl
Last year, you was my bitch, now you my baby girl

I'm a cold piece of work (Yeah)
Whippin' up to serve (Yeah), what was for dessert? (Yeah)
I'm a Gucci Mane, you a Captain Kirk
I don't wanna flirt (Yeah), tell me, what's the word? Pussy
Bitch, you know what's up (Yeah), always on the cusp (Yeah)
What's that in your cup? (Cup) Sippin' on dat (Sippin' on dat)
Yeah, never in a rush (Rush), kickin' out the sluts (Sluts)
I get off the bus (Yeah), pussy

Big wheel got that motherfucker skatin' hard
Chill pill got me high but cannot lay with ya
Last year, you was my bitch, now you my baby girl (Yeah)
Last year, you was my bitch, now you my baby girl (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Big wheel got that motherfucker skatin' hard
Chill pill got me high but cannot lay with ya (Ha-ha, bitch)
Last year, you was my bitch, now you my baby girl (Yeah, what the fuck?)
Last year, you was my bitch, now you my baby girl (Ayy, ayy)

Triple up, triple, up, triple up, triple up, huh?
Triple up, triple, up, triple up, triple up, huh?
Triple up, triple, up, triple up, triple up, what the fuck?
Triple up, triple, up, triple up, triple up, gang, gang

Triple up, big crunk is fucked
Hype as fuck, but don't stop the dose
Duke Deuce, your name hot as fuck (Huh?)
Ain't met one bitch who would not fuck (Huh? Would not fuck)
Focus, fuck that pistol tucked for pussy niggas actin' tough (Brrat)
Fuck a Draco, keep that capital K for range, that's if you run
Fuckin' bitches, ain't no cuffin' bitches, stack them other niggas (Yeah)
Tough decisions in this rappin' business, ain't no bein' friendly (Yeah)
Old niggas turned to enemies, now I'm seein' plenty (Seein')
Strictly business, they like "Duke, you're trippin'," bitch, I need a milli'
Plenty people used to sleep up on me, now I'm seekin' vengeance (Bitch)
Cold ice and cold heart, bitch, you know we strictly pimpin'
Tryna keep rappin', these nigga keep cappin'
The pussy ass rappers keep fuckin' with me (Fuckin' with me)
You're hustlin' backwards, I pull up in Raptor
I'm strapped with them triple, them brothers with me (Ayy, ayy)
Triple up, triple, up, triple up, triple up (Ayy, ayy)

Big wheel got that motherfucker skatin' hard (Huh?)
Chill pill got me high but cannot lay with ya (Huh?)
Last year, you was my bitch, now you my baby girl (What the fuck?)
Last year, you was my bitch, now you my baby girl (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Big wheel got that motherfucker skatin' hard (Huh?)
Chill pill got me high but cannot lay with ya (Huh?)
Last year, you was my bitch, now you my baby girl (What the fuck?)
Last year, you was my bitch, now you my baby girl (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
