
It's No Tamin
Aye, I want you to sip your drink if you got one
And go up to a nigga you don't like, and hit his punk ass!
And say, "No Tamin, bitch!"
'Cause we 'bout to go
What's up, let's go, Freddie Gibbs!

These motherfuckers gon' respect my rhymes
They think that I'm a pretty boy, they like to rap about them girls all the time
They be hatin' on my shit, 'cause they shit don't sell
I'm way ahead of most niggas, they don't spit this well
If the real shit is dead, then I'm bringin' it back
Even if I gotta piss some niggas off when I rap
My nigga Dove said I'm steppin' on a lot of niggas' toes
But I let 'em know that I respect a lot of niggas' flows
But a lot of niggas don't deserve the love that I gave to 'em
Especially when they don't give it back, I bring the pain to 'em
Man, I don't give a fuck about a nigga ego
I'm tryna stack my paper like De Niro in Casino
Like Nicky Tarantino, my tolerance is zero
Cross one of my people, it's, "Adios, amigo"
Uh, they wanna take me out this game, nigga, no way
I go against the grain and beat my case like O. J

Yeah, dead or alive, baby
Dead or alive, I be the hottest nigga in the streets
Straight up, man, the haters want me gone
Real niggas wanna hear me, you know what I'm sayin'?

These motherfuckers don't cooperate until you throw some dollars at 'em
Man, I'm tired of talkin' to these niggas, Vicious, holler at 'em
The most inconsiderate, most belligerent
These flows is ignorant; yours, insignificant
You niggas get annihilated when you violate the rap code, the essence
These flows is epic
Yo boy is reckless, my legacy is bigger than the motherfuckin' hemisphere
You niggas stuck like Gilligan
And I'll kill again; just because the barrel dusty
Don't think I won't leave you stressed with yo apparel, buddy
I'm a terror, buddy; rap's 
Lyrically, you malnourished, niggas really bore me
You tell stories of how sick you are
Bitch, you get no cigar
'Cause lyrically, I insinerate you bitches
Penetrate you bitches watch your hoes like disintegrate, you bitches
So next time, you better step and guess your mission
'Fore  Freddie Gibbs and Vicious, bitches!

Yeah this real shit, man, No Tamin
Freddie, 
Yo, they want me dead or alive, man
I'm just gettin' started in this game
I ain't begin to play with you faggots yet, man
It's comin', this the '04, '05
Freddie Gibbs, Vicious, masters of the Midwest
Finger Roll, No Tamin, we doin' this
Fuck you niggas, take it how you wanna take it

What up, nigga, this is Finger Roll, you know what I'm sayin'?
The nigga that you love to hate, motherfucker
The one that you see on the back of them CD covers, motherfucker
The one that you open up
The one that lookin' at yo- yo favorite fuckin' artist while
He's being recorded, nigga
I'm the fuckin' one!
Let's do that shit, nigga
The one that's doing the beats on the streets, nigga
Call me Mr. G.I. if you wanna call it
Mr. Indiana, that's how it's going down, nigga
No Tamin, what it is, let's go!

Yo when you got paroled, man?
Yo, man, I just got paroled the other day, man
That shit is cool, man, I hope you taking care of yourself, word up
Come on, man, it's Blizz, of course I'm taking care of myself, man
It's nice to see you, man
Yeah, pardon me for a second, I'm 'bout to rob this place
Alright, everybody, put your fucking hands in the air and face the fucking wall!
Don't look at me, goddamit!
Ayo, Q, you want piece of this?
Nah, man, I'm out here
All right, everybody, strip!
