
After the dance, I walked my baby home under the moonlight,
It was a scene right from my fantasy.
She said the thing that made me wanna say how much I love her,
Don't love no other.
It couldn't be... ooh ooh ooh
She's so good to me.

And when the morning came around,
Well she had not let me down...she was still my lover.
I must confess that I put love to the test to see if there was any other,
She proved to me what a real good love she'd be and she was so excited.
Deep in her eyes was the promise of the love that I'd been dreamin' of,
She made me love the world...so I know she's my girl... oh oh oh oh oh oh.

I'm on a cloud where no one is allowed except my lady,
High as can be... she's so good to me.
Uhh... I don't care or know what the people down below think bout' my baby,
Maybe I'm crazy... but it's ecstasy... yeah yeah... she's so good to me.

She's so very fine and I love her... hey... and I love her.
She's the one I see...yes I love her...yes I love her.
When I dream all day and night no one else could be so right,
She's so good to me.

Yeah yeah... she's the world for me..said a one, two three,
She's my fantasy... yes I love her... yes I love her.
When the whole world let's me down with people jivin' me around,
She's so truly good to me.


When my lady, love and I always have a real good time,
Just the three of us.
We never stop till hands up on the clock say the night is up.
We see the sun and then the fun has just begun cause it's a brand new day... yeah yeah.
I hurry through of the things I've got to do and then I'm on the way... yeah,
That together love I been daydreaming of ...oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh.

I don't agree... they say that every lover has got to change,
How can it be... she's so good to me?
Now...they say that suddenly she'll start to acting strange,
She's gonna change.
No not my baby... she's so good to me.

She's so very fine and I love her... hey... and I love her.
She's the one I see...yes I love her...yes I love her.
When I dream all day and night no one else could be so right,
She's so good to me.

Yeah yeah... she's the world for me... said a one, two three,
She's my fantasy...yes I love her... yes I love her.
When the whole world let's me down with people driving me around,
She's so truly good to me... so good to me.
She's so very fine...and I love her... six, seven, eight, nine...fade!
