
I think my shit kickin' in
Must be barbeque or somethin'
What's the ETA of the month? (Hahahaha)
On life, nigga, on life
Alright, c'mon, let's get serious

Yeah, been around, versatile, South of France, Rosecrans
Pin 'em up, knock 'em down, baby, I don't hold hands (Woah)
Big booty, little dog, joggin' by Kenneth Hahn
Tryna get her fitness on, bitch, just hop in the car
Uh, I been around, marathon, Compton to Avalon
Me and Anderson, this is like Royal Tenenbaums
No one goes to cinemas, so we on demand
They want a hologram, it's TikTok and dances
Big shot, been the bomb, make me reminisce upon
I remember me and Dogg, swap meet, Dickies on
When was that? In '93? You probably wasn't even born
Dre, I think you need to the trade Range for the 6-4
Shit, I've been going back and forth, Chevy or Aventador
Took a walk in the park, nigga, that's your backyard
Say, Dre, where you get them shrooms with the chocolate?
Shit, the same place that I saw them gods out in Panama

Weave through the weeds, smoke trees where my seeds grow
Let 'em try to press, get shot like a free throw
Aw, niggas want beef 'til they get they fucking teeth broke
I just want peace, they don't want me to be peaceful
You know I'm a king, look at how my Cuban link glow
Gold medallion flow, only second to the Nile
Girls gone wild like them broads up in college
Looking at my child do the same thing that I did

Nigga, where was you in the '80s?
Reaganomics, we sold crack to mothers and they babies
Fiends was running 'round with stolen shit to sell me crazy
But I took some shorts and a couple nicks of crack and gave 'em maybe
Gave this bitch a sample, that's my test tube baby
Tell them fiends we back in town, ice cream pastries
Five-star general bitch, I'm outrankin' 'em
Fiends gave me so much bread, I had to start thankin' 'em
Side hustlers stole some of my dope, I started spankin' 'em
Talked to coke connects in Jamaican accent, Shabba Rankin 'em
If you stole my shit with the nigga that helped you, walk the plank with him
Hmm, bruk him though like a bumbaclot acronym
Shh, look, don't tell your peeps but all of my niggas are after him
Hmm, you're just a bitch, tell me, why you actin' so masculine?
Hmm, who the fuck is he? Tell me, why the fuck is you asking him? (Why?)
And as I'm smoking this branch, watch me pass the limb
I'm only here to collect my blessings, where the pastor been?

Weave through the weeds, smoke trees where my seeds grow
Let 'em try to press, get shot like a free throw
Aw, niggas want beef 'til they get they fucking teeth broke
I just want peace, they don't want me to be peaceful
You know I'm a king, look at how my Cuban link glow
Gold medallion flow, only second to the Nile
Girls gone wild like them broads up in college
Looking at my child do the same thing that I did
