
Hey, sister, have you heard?
Some people stand like trees without a word,
And what that means is that some people don't talk.

Oh, please, pardon me, mister.
You know I just didn't hear you that first time that you said that,
But now that you repeat for me, I'll be sure to do what I can.
You know I'm going to do what I can, do what I can, do-do-do-do what I can.
Gonna do what I can, do what I can, do-do-do-do what I can.
But no more, you understand?

Oh, please, pardon me, father.
You know, I just didn't hear you that, that first time that you said th...
Help me, help me, help me, help me, repeat it, repeat it, repeat it.
I'll be sure to do, do, do what I can.
Do what I can, do what I can, do, do, do, do what I can.
Gotta do what I can, do what I can, do, do, do, do what I can,
But no more, you understand?

It's of utmost importance, we're dealing with volatile substance.
I had so much on my mind. I was so glad when I died, oh...

Listen to me, baby, can you keep a secret for me?
Make sure no one finds out, 'cause then the lights will go out.
And I will find you out, and I will cut you up.
Uh-hmm, don't ask me why because I said I'm gonna do what I can,
Do what I can, do, do, do, do what I can.
Gotta do what I can, do what I can, do, do, do, do what I can.
But I'll have none of that, you understand?

Don't you know nothin'? You never tell on someone.
Don't you know nothin'? You ain't never going to tell on someone.

What you going to do? Gonna turn, gonna turn rat fink?
What you wanna do? Do want to see, do you wanna see what it's like to sink?
Sink down, sink down, sink down, down, down to the bottom of the river.
Sink down, sink, sink down, down, down, down, to the bottom of the river, sink, down, sink.
Sink down, down. Down, down to bottom of the river.
Sink down, sink, sink down, down. Down, down to the bottom of the river.

Don't you know no one? You never tell on someone.
Don't you know no one? You ain't never gonna tell on someone. 

Ah, ah, oh, I tell you what it's like, I tell you what it's like, oh.
I stood right up in the heart of Hell, I never tell.
I stood right up in the heart of Hell,
I'm never gonna tell, tell, tell, tell.
I'm never, never, never, never gonna tell, tell, tell, tell.
Nothing, nothing, never gonna tell, tell, tell, tell.
I'm never, never, never, never gonna tell, tell, tell, tell.
Nothing, nothing, never gonna tell, tell, tell, tell.
Ah...
