
YO--HO--HERE WE GO AGAIN
LOOK-OUT
Just say ding-dong and I'm sprung
I spring every time a bell is rung
I'm not a ding-a-ling, I'm not a ding-dong
Mine is another story
Told of a god-damn laboratory

Biological, illogical
Where's the logic in a rod
That's lodged in your head till your dead
Fuck the dumb shit!
AHHH! Just cuz you're the top of the food chain, you want to suck and fuck with my brain
All in the name of science!
SCIENCE (blinded me with science)
Data? What the fuck do data matter to me?
I ain't tryin' to hear that, see but you want me to see it your way
Ding-dong, here we go another day

One dingie-lingie, I salivate
Two dingie-lingies, and I hallucinate
Three dingie-lingies and ejaculate

Recess. Ding-Dong Mutha-Fucka
Just say ding and dong and I'm sprung
Spring every time a bell is rung
I ain't no ding-a-ling and I ain't a ding-dong

Sleigh bells ring, are you listenin'?
Yes, I'm listenin', in the middle of July, high on a mission
A nickle bag of Tinkerbell, boy
(Nickle bag of tinkerbell)
As the bell tolls for the time it takes me to inhale
Invoke the rhyme rippin up the track
Derailin' your train of thought
All along the watchtower, watch the faces all go sour, as the bell toll for experiment failed
Though, still the lying media cries success

There's no dongs but I hear dinging
There's no bells but my ears are ringing

One dingie-lingie. I salivate
Two dingie-lingies, and I hallucinate
Three dingie-lingies and ejaculate

I'm the product of a Pavlovian experiment

We rub each others cheeks
We sniff each others seats
We tug each others leash
When we find each other in heat
We scratch each others fleas
And put each other at ease
Which leads me to believe
"When in Dogtown. do as dogs do"

I'm the product of a Pavlovian experiment

We rub each others cheeks
We sniff each others seats
We tug each others leash
When we find each other in heat
We scratch each others fleas
And put each other at ease
Which leads me to believe
"When in Dogtown, do as dogs do"

Genetic engineering, classical conditioning
I'm the product of a Pavlovian experiment

It's a dog-eat-dog world, that's what they say, but I ain't with it
If the label don't say "kitty-kat" I won't eat it
But I got a pair of milkbone drawers on
If you want to get busy, bitch, come on

I was on your trail, sniffin' your tail
You know damn well it smell like hell, ew
Dog-eat-dog world, turn boy-eat-girl world will prevail
Licensed flea collars for sale
Up in this county-funded kennel
With all the incidentals paid up front
So jump the gun and
Go fetch like Fido, Bitch
Spread that mit, yes we play catch
This one here's goin' out the park, throw that ball back, baby
Hark, who goes there?
Cause I'm standin' guard in all this here parts of the yard
When in dog town do as dogs do
(Classical conditioning, test tube puppy
Behavioural modification, man's best friend)
(Somebody get me another animal)

At the sound of the bell there will be a test
A test?
Yes, a test to decide
How much of which pesticide
I'm not a ding-bat, I'm not a dumb-bell
Mine is another humdinger
Where's the DATA that matter to me?
Where's the DATA that matter to me?
Welt the experiment failed, we need another dog
Will somebody get me another dog?

One dingy-lingly, I salivate
Two dingy-lingies and I hallucinate
Three dingy-lingies and I ejaculate

One dingy-lingly, I salivate
Two dingy-lingies and I hallucinate
Three dingy-lingies and I ejaculate
