
Love is a casualty of war
My little cousin thought that I ain't love him anymore
Nothing could be farther from the truth
Here, take this liquor and this Swisher as the truce
I was just made 'cause you stole
I was mad, but it's old
We gon' talk about it face to face
Forgiveness is the answer and auntie's is the place
Sunday, we going to the house
Someone got a problem, they gon' have to kick us out
But if you come, I hope you decide to stay
Just know your big cousin love ya either way

'Cause who's to say? Who's to say?
Who's to say? Who's to say?
I love you still, still
I love
People that they said to never trust
Even if we never stayed in touch
I love you

Love is forgiveness at its core
My cousin think her grandma doesn't love her anymore
Nothing could be farther from the truth
Take the pictures of your daughter on her wall as the proof
I think she was just mad nobody told her
She thought that you was too young
But your daughter getting older
I think y'all should talk about it face to face
Forgiveness is the topic and her house is still the place
Sunday, we back up at the house
Someone got a issue, they gon' have to drag us out
I know they probably feel some type of way, ah
Someone always got something to say

But who's to say? Who's to say?
Who's to say? Who's to say?
She loves you still, still
She luh... loves you
People that we knew was quick to judge
People that would always do too much
We love you still, still

Love is not the sanitized, romanticized soliloquy
That smiles and tries to reconcile without accountability
'Cause justice is the motive, and that's the thing that's missing
That's the sickness of the culture, the system that was keeping us
From loving how we supposed to, the secrets that we keep
That keep us comfortable and closer, the silence and the church
When it was violence they would know of, it made us feel like Christ
He didn't like us, didn't know us, but this is the biggest lie
The enemy done ever told us, I know he was the shoulder
I could hold on like a toga when others did me vulgar
I'm just looking for closure, I know that love is righteous
Love is what is happening when someone apologizes
Love is the day that the Grinch's heart grew three sizes
Love is priceless, love is passion, God is love
And all you got is good and God is having
God still love ya, don't believe me? Ask Him

But who's to say? Who's to say?
Who's to say? Who's to say?
He loves you still, you still, He loves
You still, He loves, you still, you still, you still
He loves
People that may think they not enough (you still)
People that may think they are in luck (He love you still)
He loves, loves you (He love you still, you still)

Merry Christmas
