
You're freaking
You're a flipper
Yeah!
Woah! All kinds of shit
(You think you know me)
Weed, crack, and dope
(Da-damn, Peggy!)
(I feel fucking terrible)

All I need is rest (Help)
I am uncontested, how can I confess this?
Watch how I finesse (About a hundred bands)
How you so invested, this can't be your best
'Cause, I am not impressed (Baby, I must have fucking stanned)
Bullets through my body, I'm a different shawty
You my favorite mess (Everytime I come around, it's like you dump the bands)
Bitch, I'm never pressed
Keep a fresh Bic, ride down 86, hit!
Roll deep like the kettt
Bitch, I'm (Smoke)
Too fly in the whip, hit!
Fake news, we ain't pressed
Is it safe now? Got my trey pound
In case a bitch wanna test, YEET! (Okay team, follow my command) (YEET!)
Work hard (I'm 'bout to YEET ON THESE NIGGAS!) work, work
(I feel like I'm bout to throw up) (yeet, yeet)

Work hard, twerk hard
26 no kids, yeah (TEARS!)
Talk shit, back it up
No fades, throw shade, whole game
Look a damn mess, aye, fuck the cappin'
Look, no stress, I'm vexed
What the fuck is my appearance? (What's he sayin'?)
I keep a ratchet (I keep a ratchet)
I like 'em YesJulz moaning like a actress (Damn, that's a-)
She got bandits (nah), I'm kinda passive (Right, young)
Young Rich Swann, we gon' cash in (We gon' cash in)
Dust off the ratchets (Ratchet, ratchet)
We got some action (They got some ratch-)
I'm on the main line, I'm tryna catch 'em (Oh! Okay!)

Look, I wish, I wish a nigga would, man
Look, I wish a nigga would try to test me
I wish a nigga would go against me
I'm a thug, I don't play with no rap beef
Fuck around, end up on a backstreet
And I done cried so many times
Look, man

I wish, whooosh
I wish a nigga would try to test me
I wish a nigga would go get me
I'm a thug, I don't play with no rap beef
Fuck around, end up on backstreet
And I done cried so many times
I done did so many crimes (Don't kill me)
No time, y'all gassed up for the new line, ugh
I'll make a nigga cry at his own pad
I'll make a nigga cry for his dead dad
I'll make a nigga cry for his fat wife
I'll make a nigga cry for...
I'll make a nigga cry for help
I'll make a nigga cry for himself (THUG TEARS!)
