

Ooh-ooh, hey
(If you wanna party, if you, if you wanna party)
Put your hands up (Put your hands up)
(If you, if you wanna party, if you, if you wanna party)
So put your hands up (Put your hands up) (Hands up)


You got it, you got it, babe (See ya)
You got it, you got it, babe (Got it, huh?)
You got it, you got it, babe (Sean Don!)
You got it, you got it, babe


Okay, this, this, this one for my number one girl who got the top spot title
Spent an hour in the bathroom, walked out looking like a model
God, doin' what you do, got me right there with Apollo on the moon
Who needs genies in a bottle, girl, if they already got you? (Got you, I got you)


Boy, you make me feel so lucky
Finally, the stars align
Never has it been so easy to be in love
And to give you this heart of mine

You know what I need (Ayy)
I know what you like (Ayy)
Put it all together, baby, we could be alright (Hey)
How could this be wrong when it feels so right?
Yeah, I really love you
I really love you, oh
And I'll never let you go

You should know I'm never gonna change
I'm always gonna stay
You call for me, I'm right there (Right there)
Right there (Right there)
'Cause you listen and you care
You're so different, no one compares
And if you never change, I'm gonna stay right there
I'll always be right there

You got it, you got it, babe (If you wanna party, if you, if you wanna party)
You got it, you got it, babe, yeah (Put your hands up, put your hands up)

And I get butterflies just thinkin'
About you, boy, you're on my mind (Oh)
Sometimes I catch myself daydreamin'
Lost in your eyes and I lose all track of time (Track of time)

You know what I need (Ayy)
I know what you like (Ayy)
Put it all together, baby, we could be alright (Alright, hey)
How can this be wrong when it feels so right?
Yeah, I really need you
I really love you, oh
And I'll never let you go


You should know I'm never gonna change
I'm always gonna stay
You call for me, I'm right there (Right there)
Right there (Right there)
'Cause you listen and you care
You're so different, no one compares
And if you never change, I'm gonna stay right there {What? Okay}
I'll always be right there (What?)


Now, if all fell through, would you catch me before the pavement? (What?)
If my Benz turned back to public transportation (Swerve, swerve)
Would you still be at home for me with the candles waitin' (What?)
And get my mind back adjacent to the place of a young visionary?
A player too, you know I have some girls missionary (Ooh)
My black book of numbers thicker than the dictionary and Bible
I got it recycled
I love and I like you
Five-course meals, even though you don't mind a drive-thru
That's why I got you
{And I'll never let you go} (I got you)


You should know {Oh} I'm never gonna change (I'm never gonna change)
I'm always gonna stay (I'm always gonna stay) {Oh}
You call for me, I'm right there (I'm right there)
Right there (Ooh)
'Cause you listen and you care
You're so different, no one compares
And if you never change, I'm gonna stay right there {B-I-G Sean Don}
I'll always be right there {Carry on, yeah}

(If you wanna party, if you, if you wanna party)
You got it {Oh} (Put your hands up, put your hands up)
I'll always be right there {Oh} (If you wanna party, if you, if you wanna party)
{Yeah} (Put your hands up, put your hands up)
I'll always be right there
You got it, you got it, babe (If you wanna party, put your hands up) {Gods}
You got it, you got it, babe (Put your hands up)
You got it, you got it, babe (If you wanna party, if you, if you wanna party)
You got it, you got it, babe (Put your hands up, put your hands up)
Got it, babe
