
 Slipknot? Yeah! Uh, I did all of Metallica. I was a drummer in Metallica, uh on the first three cuts. Uh, fucking, uh, high-rhythm something-something Axl of Guns 'n' Roses. Uh Creed, I do Creed. Uh, Nine Inch Nails... Marilyn Manson... uh... who else can I do? Nine Inch Nails, Marilyn Manson, uh... Red Hot Chili Peppers

 You were in the bands?

 No, I'm the one that's doin' all the songwritin'. I wrote all the songs for all of those

 Really?!

 Yeah! I'm the songwriter, I'm the producer! I produced some of 'em, uh, uh in Dallas there at the studio there. I can't, it's on uh, if you know which state fair is it's like station number seven, I think? Outta here, outta there it's right next to the state fair in Texas. East Grand and uh, Grand and, some other fuckin' street there. I can't remember, but that's, but that's where they shot me at was outside the radio station. Yeah I was Howard Stern on there, man. I'm the one who started Howard

 Wow, man, you got a lotta shit

 Yeah. I worked for Walt Disney as well, man. I'm tryna, I don't think it'll take me a little while to get back in the swing of things, know'm'saying?

 Yeah, what songs did you write for Metallica?

 All of-the whole damn CDs, all of 'em. From start, start to finish

 You wrote all of it?

 All of it. From start to finish

 Wow!

 Megadeth I drummed-when we did the recordings out there, I was the drummer and uh, let's see. I was the lead singer of Guns 'n' Roses. All of Guns 'n' Roses is my voice on there. I cut that in the studio. Uh, Red Hot Chili Peppers was uh, I wrote and sent somewhere else, and, and they produced it. Um, Nine Inch Nails, Marilyn Manson, uh Creed... uh... Third Eye Blind, uh... who else was there? I did like 20 different hills, man. I think I ended up with like 15 new bands. Uh, and then, I did uh... six country, maybe seven country

 That's amazing! Yuh

 It's been a lot, man. You look familiar! I was like, "Man wait... I think I've seen this dude somewhere. I probably talked to you somewhere." Bein' that I was with my homeboy, Mike, but uh, I didn't see him in a long time, but uh, yeah, I'm back in town, man! Just tryna get a paycheck. And uh, hell, it's been a while, man. Ya'll doin' any hirin' over there?

 Not right now

 No?

 No

 You know anybody lookin' for songwriters and stuff?

 No

 'Cause I still have some uh, if I can remember where they are, I think they're in weggy back home in Texas and in the vault is some uncut stuff, y'know? Just like it's already on CDs

 Mm

 All it's gotta do is be produced, y'know'm'saying?

 Yeah. Yeah

 Yeah I got probably a hundred of 'em in uh... and I write, when I write I write extras... but all I put out was about six CDs, maybe seven

 Right

 To me that's it. Y'know?

 Yeah

 That's 10-year deal. That's a career in 10 years. Ha-ha

 Yeah, exactly!

 Six CDs, y'know? I'm Bob Seger. My son's Bob Seger!

 Really!?

 Yeah! When I wrote all the Bob Seger's, I hired this other guy that's like a Portugal guy. Well, I fired him after the first two CDs Bob came out with. I paid him uh... I paid him three million for two CDs. He's fucking good, man! But he make a lot for sure he was a child molester, man and I just... y'know, man I said, "Hey, dude. You gotta go, man." So I hired my son. My son works at Thailand's in Texas. And uh, he finished off those last five CDs of Bob Seger

 Cool, man. Good luck to you, man

 Yeah. I'll be back. Cool. I gotta go get me some rehabilitation and some new lessons

 Yup

 I used to work over there, man! That's my shop-my old shop! Down on Hollywood Vine right there

 Yeah

 You walk in there, and that first little creature down on the bottom, that's me back in the seventies, dude! Bad Company! Started out with Bad Company up in Detroit. Came down here, and joined two other bands. I played just in studio on rhythm

 Wow!

 Yeah. Bad trouble on Bad Company, man. Fuckin' cocaine habit. Fuckin'... ha-ha-ha

 Yeah. That'll do it. That'll do it

 You know what I mean, right? You get out on the road out there, and you're in that bus man, your shit

 Yeah

 You're lockin' it down, man

 So you were in Bad Company?

 Yeah!

 What'd you play for 'em?

 Rhythm

 Guitar?

 Yeah. I play rhythm like a motherfucker, dude. I was uh, I just was re-certified in '85, let's see, maybe it was '85, for rhythm, for number seven all-time rhythm guitar player-Slash! Ha-ha-ha

 Yeah

 Yeah that was my name back then with Bob Seger. Um, Homer Deck, he used to play too! He's from Germany, but he's all fucked up now, too. I knew him back when we were ridin' bikes. I used to ride bikes, man. Got in trouble... ha-ha-ha

 Yeah

 15 years of San Quintin! Ha-hah!

 Oh

 Eight years of Vito!

 ha-ha-ha

 I got to Texas in eight years down there, man
