
It's 2 A.M. I'm just getting in about to check my message
No one has called but my homies and some bill collectors
Cellular rings, somebody wants to borrow money
I two-way her she don't hit me back something is funny
So I called her mother's house and asked her has she seen my baby
Roll my six around looking for that missing lady
Got back in turned the TV on and caught the news
Then I put my hand on my head cause I'm so confused
And then I turned the TV down
Cause I thought I heard a squeaky sound
Somethings going on upstairs
And I know nobody else lives here
"Bump bump bump" as I get closer to the stairways all I hear
Then I hear my babies voice in my ear screaming out

You're contagious, touch me baby, give me what you got
(And then a man said) sexy lady drive me crazy, drive me wild
(And I just can't believe this shit)

I ran downstairs looked in the closet looking for that ooo
Said a prayer cause only God knows what I'm gonna do
What I saw was enough to drive a Preacher wild
I'm in the hall contemplating "not in my own damn house"
Who would have thought she was creeping with another man?
The down low happening to me all over again
And then I turned the TV down
'Cause I know I heard a squeaky sound, something going on upstairs
'Cause I know no one else lives here
"Bump bump bump" as I get closer to the stairways all I hear
Then I hear my babies voice in my ear screamin'

You're contagious, touch me baby, give me what you got
(And then a man said)
Sexy lady drive me crazy, drive me wild
(And I just can't believe this shit)

What the hell is going on between the sheets in my home?
Baby wait let me explain before you start to point your cane
Girl I'm about to have a fit
"Oh it's about to be some shit!"
How did I get in to this? Should have never came home with this bitch
Low down dirty woman, back to where you come from
"But baby wait" but wait my ass
Hit the streets your ass is grass
Now Mister Biggs before you're done
"Wait how you know my name son?"
"Honey wait I was gonna tell you"
"Move this cat looks real familiar"
Hmmm?!?! Now don't I know you from somewhere a long time ago?
No, no, I don't think so
Yeah, yeah, I feel I know you brother very well
No, no, you're mistaking me for somebody else
"Frank" "SHUT UP!" "Can't you see two men are talking?
"But" thought I told your ass to get to walking
Now I think you all better leave this place
'Cause I'm about to catch a case

You're contagious, touch me baby, give me what you got
Sexy lady drive me crazy, drive me wild

You're contagious, touch me baby, give me what you got
You're contagious, touch me baby, give me what you got
You're contagious, touch me baby, give me what you got
You're contagious, touch me baby, give me what you got
