
A lot of people like the Minute Maid
Imma take my Country Time, my time not wasted
Cause its spent, I spend some ages on this pen
That's why shit penetrate....
Plenty pages with my sins and them, on stages with my friends and them
New spaces, faces, intentions, I'm... cautious
Gum disease very like flossin, Bumblebees we movin' pollen
Burnin' gas I be exhausted
Wonderin' who you exaltin' with all of that shit you be talkin'
You don't even walk it the same no more, you don't even walk it the same....

A lot of people like the Minute Maid
Imma take my Country Time, my time not wasted
Cause its spent, I spend some ages on this pen
That's why shit penetrate, ventilate, innovate you in the way you appetize
I need a bigger plate
I'm on the road, sleep on the interstate
2 interviews, 2 different clothes
Don't even know what fuckin' day it is

Imma take my Country Time, my time not wasted
Cause its spent, I spend some ages on this pen
That's why shit....
They want my neck, my back, my spine, my money next
Won't get in line, they walk through, think his speech is mine
They call him... Renegade
Had to make a couple bands by my lonely
Had to take a different path than the homies
Had to take my Country Time
Had to taste some humble pie
We was trying to buffet early, like Shoney's
Only islands I knew was Hawaii and Stoney
Nigga had to widen his reach, or just hire a goalie
I'm older and wiser..

(Remember way back...)
Remember way back when I rolled EZ-Widers
Them days is slowly behind us
These days is low key designer
I don't ever really want to blind you with branding
Would you buy it if we hid all the logos?
That type of love take time and attention
Repetition again to the Yo-Yo
No kin to the pollo, these niggas birds
Forget what you heard, get to the pole vault
Raising the bar, they throwing low blows - we hear words
Trying to keep it high def, minds get blurred
Finding the nerve, finding the loot then defining the curse
Finding the truth of the matter disturbed..

A lot of people like the Minute Maid
Imma take my country time, my time not wasted
Cause its spent, I spend some ages on this pen
That's why shit penetrate....
I just want to ventilate...
Feel like what we need is faith...
Imma take my country time, my time not wasted
Cause it's spent....

