
This shit sound like days of our lives
Freenation out here paying our tithes, save mula give em' ten percent
That's too fuckin much. That's like window tint
Shouts to Such n Such. {Unh}

Sauk Trail
Cheifin on the back porch, grillin each other
Conversation was penicillin, niggas healin each, other that's how the fam do
Free Nation Rebel Soldier
Drop boulders
Never pebbles that's what I can't do
Stance like a black panther the standards are Huey Newton or Bobby Seale, or Cam Newton, or Issac Newton
You'll prolly feel
The apple off yo forehead
Don't chalk it up to gravity
I'm droppin knowledge actually
I'm droppin college actually
I left without my credits give me credit nigga
My credentials with this pencil put you on yo toes, put my soul on instrumentals
A foot fettish nigga
Fuck with me famo!
If you don't you couldn't hide in 50 camos
I'm with a chick you couldn't hump with 50 camel backs
Booty like a camelback
Sick as 50 camel packs of cigarettes
Don't give me lip unless it's camel toe
Nights like we in camelot
You could call him lancelot how I swing excalibur at ignorance
Knights of the round table
Nice with profound fables
Nights of this thrift shit we found label they covet
Love it. live it. Pivot!
Turn around on dime if it's a buck on her mind I could give a fuck if she fine
Give me nickles and quarters
We ain't building foundations fickle I'm spittin that mortar
Snappin' ladders like peanut brittle the distance is shorter
It's like ripples on water you could catch the wave like Lake Michigan hittin' Winsconson
Winters cold but it's warm when Jacksons right next yo Johnson
They see that and they bring the action all over your Bronson Bratwurst
I be like negro please no matter how you see it rap just like the negro leagues
I'm talking tress and speaking truths

And they ain't got a muthafuckin' clue when the world blow if the ground start to shake you can bet I'm out the door when a blunt and prayer for the fan fuck a ho.
For the free cause that's all my peoples know.
For the free cause that's all my peoples know.
For the free cause that's all my peoples know

And they ain't got a Muthafuckin' clue when the world gone end so starting from the bottom I'm a stack my ends swear to God that I'll never lose my soul for no Benz negro please we gone play this negro league till we bleed till the fleas eat my muthafuckin' knees I'll be running with my dogs

And they ain't got a muthafuckin' clue when the world blow if the ground start to shake you can bet I'm out the door when a blunt and prayer for the fan fuck a ho.
For the free cause that's all my peoples know.
For the free cause that's all my peoples know.
For the free cause that's all my peoples know
