

You can look at them comin' out the walls
You can look at them climbin' out the bushes
You can find them when the letter's 'bout to fall
He be waitin' with his camera right on focus

Everywhere you seem to turn there's a monster
When you look up in the air there's a monster
Paparazzi got you scared like a monster, monster, monster

(Too bad)
Oh oh Hollywood it's got you jumpin' like you should
(Too bad)
It's got you bouncin' off the wall
It's got you drunk enough to fall
(Too bad)
Oh oh Hollywood, just look in the mirror
And tell me you like, don't you, don't you like it?
Monster, he's a monster, he's an animal
Monster, yeah, he's a monster, he's an animal, ho-oh-oh

He's coming at you
Coming at you rather too fast
Mama say mama got you in a zig zag
And you're runnin'
And you're runnin' just to 'scape it
But they're gunnin' for the money
So they fake it

Everywhere you seem to turn there's a monster
When you look up in the air, there's a monster
When you see them in the street
That's a monster, monster, monster

(Too bad)
Oh oh Hollywood it's got you jumping like it should
It's got you bouncing off the wall
It's got you drunk enough to fall
(Too bad)
Oh oh Hollywood, just look in the mirror
And tell me you like what you see
Monster, he's like an animal, (he's a monster) just like an animal (he's an animal)
And he's moving in the air
Monster, he's a monster, he's an animal
Everybody wanna be a video star

Why are they never satisfied with'n all you give?
You give them your all, they're watching you fall
And they eat your soul (like a vegetable)


Yeah, yeah, yeah
Catch me in a bad mood, flipping, you'll take a whippin'
Animal, Hannibal, cannibal addiction
Tears appear, yeah, blurring your vision
Fear in the air, screaming, your blood drippin'
Shiver a second, now, now, now, what is it?
Funerals, cemeteries, don't worry, it's time to visit
Broke bones, tombstones, how do you think I'm kiddin'?
It's home, sweet home, the land of the forbidden
All hail, run tell, the King has risen
2010 Thriller, there's nothing iller, it's killer
Their vision, they miss 'em, won't impact, this is that
It's the bomb, ring the alarm, MJ number one
It goes on and on, it goes on and on
We get to creeping and crawling in the early morn'
Dream on dreamer, there's nowhere to run
You can try but you're done
I can feel it in the air, here the monster come


(Too bad)
Oh oh Hollywood has got you jumpin' like you should
It's got you bouncin' off the wall
It's got you drunk enough to fall
(Too bad)
Oh oh Hollywood just making me clearer
And tell me you like, don't you, don't you?

Monster, say you wanna be a star
He's a monster, say you wanna go far
He's an animal, why do you keep stalking me?
Monster (what you do to me?)
He's a monster, why'd you take it? Why'd you fake it?
He's an animal, yeah, why d'you torture me?
Monster, why you stalkin' me?
He's a monster, why d'you torture me?
He's an animal
Why did you do it? Why did you? Why you stalkin' me?
Monster, why d'you torture me?
He's a monster, why d'you torture me?
He's an animal, why d'you? Why d'you? Ho-oh-oh!

He's dragging you down like a monster
He's keeping you down like a monster
He's dragging you down like a monster
He's keeping you down like a monster
