
My baby left me yesterday,
Packed her bags and went away, yeah.
High heels on the carpet, 
took my keys and craved her name into my car seat.

And that's the last one I let push me around,
I've said it before but I mean it now, eh.
Get me out this city, I just need to clear my mind.

We left this evening, give 'em twenty dollars for some gas in Boston,
grab a bite but now we're taking off, we're taking off, oh.

When we got to Melrose, fifteen nights of April,
We just drank our sorrows, talked about the day we'll have it all,
We'll have it all.

One shot, one shot for my sorrows, oh yeah.
Power up the white noise, maybe I'll forget her deep into the morning.
And right inside this yellow house, 
I'm reading CD's on the couch,
but it's better than being stranded,
nothing but myself in a studio apartment.

We left this evening, give 'em twenty dollars for some gas in Boston,
grab a bite but now we're taking off, we're taking off, oh.

When we got to Melrose, fifteen nights of April,
We just drank our sorrows, talked about the day we'll have it all,
We'll have it all.

I don't think I'm sleeping tonight,
Something 'bout my stomach doesn't feel right,
What you left in my chest on the left side,
Where your he.. nah, fuck it.
Time to take a drive.

Night skies got me feeling like Bruce Wing,
'Cept all I got is a pocket of loose change.
Head and heart got me thinking that I'm too strange.
Well maybe I'm different.

Word to two chainz, two lanes,
Drift grip the wood crane,
Lookin' at the exit signs, but it's your name (damn).
On some purple rain shit, feelin' like Prince,
gotta go and change my name chiz, same shit, ain't it?

Yeah, I know I don't seem complacent,
Got enough on my chest but my heart's still vacant.
And I can't take it,
My love is unreciprocated,
I've been through enough without ever gettin' the payment.
But it's harder to heal than it is to endure,
There's only so much that the liquor can cure,
And all that liquor that's poured gave you a head of a tornado
of every memory that had you trippin' before.

All that Christian Dior denim, Louis Vuitton leather,
led em a late night, safe flight and good weather.
Ain't enough to make me feel better,
Ain't enough to make me forget all those nights in early December.

I think I was dreamin',
But now I know I ain't been sleepin'.
And some of these days, these feelings stoppin' me from eating,
The pit of my stomach is heavy.
I guess that's how it feels when you start to forget me.

I apologize for not caring for myself,
I've never known anything else than putting myself after everyone else,
And that fucks me up, it's true.
These late nights really are new,
And there's so little I can do besides drive.
Lay awake think about where you layin' tonight,
And fantasize about us living life in paradise,
In a warm place where we never really have to die,
But life ain't kind, we can't live fantasy,
I just need to hear that you're maintaining sanity
Cuz it's more important to me that you're doing alright
Than the fact that I'm not sleepin' tonight.
