
Something real, yeah
Baby
Hold on now, we don't do that back
Haha, that's my pick up line and shit
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I got your bitch movin'
Call me when you get lost

Aw, you look malnourished (Malnourished)
Let's get some bread, fry the egg yolk and drown it in syrup (Drown it in syrup)
You pick a spot, I pick a tail number and we can be tourists (Ooh, yeah)
Let's go to Cannes and watch a couple indie movies that you never heard of (Baby)
Listen to bands, groove and we dance
Disco in France, smell some perfume, head in the wind (In the wind)
We can switch off
I can show you how you can really exfoliate skin
If you got a man, you should cut him off
Get your passport 'cause we runnin' off (Run off)
We can sit and talk
You can tell me everything that's on your chest, baby, get it off
You are my type, you a bright light
I'm like a moth, this is not a game (This is not a game)
But before we start (Before I say)

What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Check it out)
(Oh, what's your name?)
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Tell me)
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Check it out)
(Oh, what's your name?)
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Oh, girl)
Yeah

What is your name, what do you bring? (Yeah)
I think that I got what you need
And I'm willin' to do anything that you please (Baby)
I'm tryna get down to the root of the apple
The deepest I could in them jeans
McLaren, like Sonic, can't speed, no
No, you can't hit my lean, no (Baby)
Baby, tell me where the peace go, 'cause I'm lost
Your body compared to the fashion
I hope you ain't proud of the shit that I bought (Baby)
'Cause money, it don't mean a thing
I tell you the times that I take you out
One minute, it's a beautiful scene
And it'll probably end with me takin' off, oh
Oh, think so, 'cause I move fast (Oh, me)

What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Check it out)
(Oh, what's your name?)
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Tell me)
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Tell me)
(Oh, what's your name?)
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Yeah)
Y, yeah, yeah, oheah

Since when did I bring a C5?
Oh, I wanna know your name
I feel like I heard your name
Oh, oh, ooh, ooh
Stop playin' and let me pay your momma debt off, haha
