
Yeah, it's not easy growin' up
You know, mm

Only two years old, I was playin' drums on the table
Guess I knew it was the only thing stable
When I was young, I could pick things up quick
Anything that I did, I was pretty good at it
Well, I started school, I was a troublemaker
Thought I knew everything in life, yeah, that caught up to me later, hehe
I had to learn about humility
I had to grow up and accept responsibility, yeah
That wasn't easy, 'cause at seventeen, I had a milli'
Women throwin' themselves at me had me goin' silly
On the surface, I felt like the man
But deep inside I felt deprived just like an empty can

I've had everything in life that people strive for (Strive for)
Just to ask the question: "What are we alive for?" (Alive for)
What you believe? And would you agree?
Well, what would you die for? (Die for)
Is there a reason? What is the meaning? What do we cry for?

One thing I know is we're in this together, together, oh
One thing I know is we're in this together, together, oh
We're in this together

I moved out when I was eighteen
I was livin' in a mansion doin' big things
FBI raided my house and shit was gettin' dicey
I was doin' stupid shit to get people to like me
All that to say, I'm thankful that's not who I am
And I'm thankful God was with me when shit hit the fan
'Cause He's the reason that I'm still standin'
And even in a pandemic, God is still plannin'
Plannin' peace, plannin' joy, plan another day
Gave His life upon the cross to wash our sins away

I've had everything in life that people strive for
Just to ask the question: "What are we alive for?"
What you believe? And would you agree?
Well, what would you die for?
Is there a reason? What is the meaning? What do we cry for?

One thing I know is we're in this together, together, oh
One thing I know is we're in this together, together, oh
We're in this together

I pray for every single person listening to this song right now
I pray for peace. I pray for joy. I pray for confidence. I pray for reassurance
I thank you so much for the person listening to this right now
I pray that You would bless them
Bless their mind, bless their finances
Bless their family, bless their sons, bless their daughters, bless their moms, bless their dads, bless their grandparents
God, I just pray for an overwhelming sense of Your presence in their home right now
An overwhelming sense of Your peace that says, "Everything is going to be all right."
In the name of Jesus
In the name of Jesus
