
Shit, I'm tired as fuck
C'mon, baby, let's get the fuck home
Let's hurry up, I hate this neighborhood
Nigga' tripping over here and shit
Hey! Hey nigga!
Oh, shit!
Just keep walking, don't turn around
Hey homeboy! 'Sup motherfucker?
Here we go again
You and your motherfucking bitch, what's up?
Hey, nigga, why you fucking with me?
Fuck you nigga! 'Cause I can!

Journey with me into the mind of a maniac
Doomed to be a killer since I came out the nut sack
I'm in a murderous mind state with a heart full of terror
I see the devil in the mirror
Buck! Buck! Lights out
'Cause when I grab my sawed off, niggas get hauled off
(Ha, ha! Barrel one) Tears your motherfucking flesh
(Yeah, barrel two) Tears your fucking heart out your chest
You see, I'm quick to let the hammer go click, on my Tec-9
So if you try to wreck mine, fool, it's your bedtime
Feel the blast from the chocolate bomber
Infrared aimed at your head like your name was Sarah Connor
Decapitation, I ain't hesitating to put you in the funeral home
With a bullet in your dome
I'm hot like lava, you got a problem?
I got a problem solver and his name is Revolver
It's like a deadly game of freeze tag
I touch you with a .44 mag and you're frozen inside a body bag
Nobody iller, than this grave yard filler
Cap peeler, 'cause I'm a Natural Born Killer

Terror illustrates my era
Now I can't hang around my momma 'cause I scare her
I'm want to blast motherfuckers (yeah what's up?)
It feels like I'm busting a nut when I open you up
'Cause your body is exposed to the midnight mist
All weak motherfuckers give my ring a kiss
'Cause I'm giving dirt naps
Coming with them bomb-ass raps
To make your lungs collapse, perhaps
You never sleep 'cause every time you doze
You catch blows to the motherfucking nose
Ain't seen the sun, in 66 days
Let me count the ways in a fucked up maze
I never, ever, ever made a ho stay
But I'm down with Dre like AC is down with OJ
So fuck how you're living
I'm the unforgiving, psycho-driven murderer
It's authentic, don't panic
I can't stand it, goddamn it, schizophrenic
So fuck Charlie Manson!
I'll snatch him out of his truck
Hit 'em with a brick and I'm dancing

Mass murderer, Natural Born Killer
And I don't wanna die
I don't wanna die
I don't wanna
I don't wanna... die!

I don't understand the logic in my dreams
But I understand I like the sounds of sirens
Terrified screams from the streams of Strychnine
Dumping on any motherfucker trying to trick mine
'Cause punk motherfuckers wanna violate
Now they stiff and cold, and they pupils won't dilate
It's so much pain, migraine, headache
I can hear his bones break
He steps in the single door
Get his ass whipped with 20 lashes like that dude up in Singapore
So I'mma pull a fucking Jeffrey Dahmer
Now I'm suicidal, just like Nirvana

Tic Toc, Toc Tic Toc Tic
Dr. Dre and Ice Cube on some murderous shit
Keeping niggas in order, making their lives shorter
Ready to slaughter
'Cause to me, a life ain't worth a quarter or a dime
Mushrooms got my mind, hallucinating, ain't no debating
I'm creating an escape route to be out without a doubt
Scot-free, so don't even think about trying to stop me
'Cause I can't wait, I'm out the gate
On the for realer, a thrilla or a Natural Born Killa

Gitchi gitchi ya ya, they call me Dada
Six million ways to murder, choose one
Lose one soul, bodies turn cold
Natural fright from niggas going bump in the night

Should I peel him? (Yeah)
Should I peel her?
Am I iller (Hell yeah!)
Than a Natural Born Killer?

Should I peel him? (Yeah)
Should I peel her?
Am I iller (Hell yeah!)
Than a Natural Born Killer?

Should I peel him? (Yeah)
Should I peel her?
Am I iller (Hell yeah!)
Than a Natural Born Killer?

Should I peel him? (Yeah)
Should I peel her?
Am I iller (Hell yeah!)
Than a Natural Born Killer?
