
Fellas, seems like (Yeah)
Seems like everybody tried to count us out
I admit we wasn't as funky as we used to be but we was trying harder
We was thinking about Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, Tchaikovsky, Brahms
But maybe shoulda had a little bit more Brown
And maybe this time they'll know where we're coming from
'Cause we had to come back and teach the newcomers something
Charles, Sweet Charles from Nashville, Johnny Cashville
I can tell you don't know Charley Pride
Do you know him? (Yeah, I know him)
Oh, you do know him, alright
I'm not gonna name all these North Carolina boys, Georgia fellas
'Cause I'd have to start with myself
But you know what? We got a lotta veterans up now, Brother Maceo, Sinclair, Jimmy Nolan
But I'm not gonna forget Jimmy Parker
Now, when we're finished with this session, they'll know where the funk come from
Every time I look, I hear the radio, I hear The J.B.'s or a little James Brown
Cat even say "Good God"
That's alright, I don't care
They don't ever give me no royalties, and when they get on the different shows
They say, "Yeah, I put it all together by myself"
They'll say "James Brown," that's all they got to ask and everything would be alright
But that's alright, I'll take that
Yeah, 'cause I'm sayin' it loud
But we gon' get on down 'cause reality don't ever lie
'Cause I got backup and kick just enough
Now, when I kick it off, Jab', it seems like we got to re-
Seems like we got to continue, show 'em that we, how can I say that
That we're still hungry
Hit it, Jab

Yeah, Lord, uh
Y'all must be happy
Get down!

Huh, we home now
Funky D
Greasy D
Nasty D
Dirty D (Funky D)
The alley D (Get down D)
Moonshine D (Funky D)
Stankin' D (Cornbread D)
Funky D (Hometown D)
The Georgia D (...D)
Florida D, ha (...D)
Carolina D (Mississippi D)
I mean North Carolina D (South Carolina D)
Haha...
I mean Mobile D (Boston D)
Uh, ha, Lord
Sho' is good, ain't it?
OW!

Maceo! Maceo!
If you had to play right here, what would you play?
Cool it, Cheese

Wait a minute
Cat sound good you can't get him to slow down
I'm going over to the clavinet
Oh, I got to play some clavinet
I got to play some clavinet
Excuse me, Charlie, while I blow

Maceo!

Maceo, I'ma give myself a big round of applause then I'ma get back to you
Thank you
Yeah, I'm going to the synthesizer before I'm through
Now, I wanna get down again then I'm going to Fred
I mean, can I get up, 'cause we done got down
Get up (Get up), get up (Get on up)
Get up (Get on up), Get up (Get on up)
Get up

Fred, we're cool in this thing 'cause you get down really
I think you're ready to get down
Fellas, play easy
Doin' the do

Wait a minute, Fred
Now, what if, what if we just play one more little horn riff right down, real low...

