
Ha! Oh yeah... so happy
I guess I'll dress up, and clean this mess up
I guess I'll shine up, and clean my mind up (Alright!)
Keep on steppin' (woo!), that's what I'm gonna do y'all
(Go ahead!)
I guess I'll dress up, and clean this mess up
I got to change up, and rearrange up
Gotta keep on steppin', that's what I'm gonna do y'all

Ha! Uh, ahhh!
But let me tell you people, what you gotta do
They wanna pull in the vein , check on chains
Until the ship comes through
I guess I'll dress up, and clean this mess up
I guess I'll shine up, and clean my mind up
I'll keep on struttin', that's what I'm gonna do y'all
Keep on struttin', ha! I feel so good

Speak up! Speak up, Chess! I'll maybe dig this mess
I wanna call my friends
And then give 'em some skin... ha, ha, ha!
I wanna check my luck, ah
I might get a few bucks
I guess I'll dress up, and clean this mess up
I guess I'd shine up, and clean my mind up
Hey...! Ah yeah! Oww!

Come on! (Oh yeah!) Ahhhh!
We gotta change, change, change, change, change
We gotta change, change, change, change, change
(Go ahead, moan!) (What chu say?)
We gotta change, change, change, change
Get it on my good foot
(Yeah) Get it on my good foot
I got to get it on my good foot
I want to get it on my good foot, ha
Get it on my good foot, ha
Get it on my good foot
I said get it on my good foot, oh Lord!

(Come on!) Uh! Keep on clappin', keep on clappin'!
Keep on clappin', keep on, keep on! (Yeah, yeah!)
Keep on, uh! (Yeah, woo!)
Come on! Keep on! (My goodness!)
Uh! Ahhhh!

I guess I'll dress up, and clean this mess up
I guess I'll shine up, and clean my mind up
Keep on struttin', that's what I'm gonna do y'all
I wanna speak up to Chess
I'll maybe dig this mess
I wanna call my friends
And then give 'em some skin... ha, ha!
I wanna try my luck, ha
I might get a few bucks

So help me, I wanna get it on my good foot
I wanna do it on my good foot
Get happy on my good foot
I guess I'll change up, and rearrange up
I guess I'll shined up, and cleane my mind up
Keep on struttin', ha (what about Houston?)

Can I go to the bridge?
I want the bridge, y'all
Gimme the bridge, gimme the bridge!
(Alright, yeah, like that!)
