
Please, please, please, oh please
Honey please, don't go... girl, I love you so
Hit me, band! Hey!
Just wanna hear you say I, I, oh I
Honey please, don't go... girl, I love you so

Hey... baby, take my hand
I wanna be your lover man, good God almighty
Honey please, Lord... I love you so
Please, please, please, please, please, please
Oh please, don't go... girl, I love you so

Hey, hey! Take it down, uh, I got to feel it
I got to feel it, I want you to know I got it
When I sing this song, I think about a long time ago
Singin' this song for the people of Georgia
Huh, going down to Alabama, way over there in North Carolina
Is it all right, if I go to Texas one time? (yeah)
Huh, can I go to South Carolina, Virginia, Tennessee?
Missouri I love, New Orleans, can I stop at New York?
Everybody got the blues sometime, but what I feel
Yeeeaaoww, the blues ain't nothing but a feelin'

Wait a minute! I remember one day, it was raining, you know
So far down south, we didn't have no snow
But everybody knew them someplace to go
Lookit here: I remember one day, I remember one day
We got a group together, called "The Famous Flames"
We didn't have a name, so we named it the Famous Flames
One of the fellas named Boby Byrd, and that's why he keep on doin' it
Huh, yeahh, I remember Johnny Terry, Nafloyd Scott, Nash Knox
Wait a minute! Baby Lloyd, just a little boy at that time
Tryin' to get into something, didn't have nothin', just like me

Now wait a minute, it was so hard for us to get over
So hard, so hard for us to get over
You know how it is when you're down on your knees
Nobody seems to understand
Yeahh, you don't want much, you just wanna be a man
I remember, look here: I walked up to the Apollo Theater
I couldn't go in the front, 'cause didn't nobody know my name
I hollered out real loud: this is James Brown, and these are the Flames
Everybody shook their head, I walked goin' around to the back
Out came Jackie Wilson, I heard him singin' this song
He said lonely teardrops, he said lonely teardrops...
That is why I love her so
And then he backed up, and then I heard him say
Please... huh, said get on down

And by that time a big, tall cat walked out
Dressed well clean, and walkin' real mean
He's about to singin' a song, as well as he could
I don't believe I can do it like he can
Talkin' about the man with the blues
I'm talkin' about brother Bobby Bland
I 'member him sayin', I believe you remember this
He said: Monday's all right, Tuesday's all wrong
Huh, when you watch your baby
You look up, and she'll be gone...
He said uh, he said: it's all right, he said: it's all right

And I remember, I remember...
I don't believe you know what I'm talkin' about
Geez, I wanna know have you ever been in love, brother?
Don't say it so low! Have you ever been in love? (yeah!)
Jab, I don't think this fella's got his soul together
Fred, have you been in love? (yeah!)
I wanna know, brother Sinclair? (yeah!)
Have you ever been in love? (yeah!)
Lookit here! Jimmy Nolan, have you been in love, brother?
Are you still in love, brother?
Huh, did you put it down? Are you lucky?
Everybody don't have that chance and that will to put it down
See, most of all, some people get put down

But I can remember, I can remember
I got the feeling... I wanna know, can I call her one time, Jab?
(Holler!) Morgan, is it all right if I call her? (yeah!)
I wanna know, is it all right if I call her? (call her, man!)
You know, I didn't get my soul walkin' around in the street
I got my soul tryin' to get something to eat
And it makes me wanna scream, yeah yeah... (yeah!)
It make me wanna scream, yeah... (right on, scream!)
I wanna know, can I call a love one time? (go!)
I believe, Bobby Byrd, if I call her, I believe she'll answer (yeah!)

I wanna say it, I wanna say "please..." (what you're sayin')
Let me say "please"... can I say "please"? (say it, man!)
Can I say "please"? (say it!) Yaaa-haaww!
Please, don't leave me, don't leave me, hey!
Don't leave me, I want you to know, don't leave me

If you've never been there, if you've never never never been there
Love would take you there, and you, and you
You may be a victim of "he said, he said, she said", other things
But I wanna know, I wanna know
Is you got your good foot on the ground?
(Yeah!) yea-hey! You got your good foot on the ground (yeah)
I wanna know, can I scream one more time, Fred?
Can I scream one more time?

I remember, I remember Bobby say in a song one time
He called it, Bobby... do you remember that, Jab? (yeah)
I remember the boy screamin' so loud
So Bobby, if you don't mind, I wanna sing you a song
I wanna sing you a song of the blues, that belong to everybody

If my baby don't come back, she gotta call my name
Yeaahh, she gotta call my name... don't call me Jim
Don't put me in that water, 'cause I can't swim
Don't call me Jimmy, I don't wanna know who's that
But just call me: oh James, oh James
I've done you wrong, yaa-haaww, I've done you wrong
You just gotta tell me you've done me wrong
And I wanna hear you say, I wanna hear you say
"Please, baby..." yaaa-haow, please... yaa-haaa, ow!

Feels so good, fellas, I could go on, and all night long (go ahead!)
I tell you what, as soon, as soon as we get thru with doin' this thing
We better go over there to rap a little bit
And while, and while we get it together
I wanna, let me, let me bring it down
I wanna hum one time: hummmmmmmm...
Hummmmmmmm... heeeeee-heeeeee...

Hit me band, is it all right? I gotta go, fellas
I'm not leavin', I'm not leavin' 'cause I'm tired
I'm not leavin' 'cause I'm worn
I'm not leavin' 'cause I've paid my dues, and I got the blues
And I wanna say: please, oh please, please, oh please
Bring it up, HEY! Bring it up, YAA-HAOW!
Bring it up, YIIIEEAH! Bring it up! Aahhh, bring it up!
