
YOW! Sex machine!

Get up (Get on up)
Get up (Get on up)
Stay on the scene (Get on up) like a lovin' machine (Get on up)
Get up, yeah yeah (Get on up)
Yeah yeah yeah (Get on up)
Stay on the scene (Get on up) like a lovin' machine (Get on up)
Wait a minute!

Take your arm, yeah, then use your form
Stay on the scene like a sex machine
I said do the bump, huh, I said shake your rump
And stay on the scene like a sex machine
I said do the bump, and then shake your rump
And then stay on the scene like a sex machine
The way I like it, I like it, I like it, I like it, I like it, I like it
The way I like it is the way it is, yeah yeah yeah
Don't worry 'bout his, got to, got to
I said the way I like it, yeah yeah yeah, is the way it is
Don't worry 'bout mine, and don't forget his
Just stay on the scene like a lovin' machine
Stay on the scene, stay on the scene like a lovin' machine

Now won't you get up (Get on up), get on, get on (Get on up)
Get up, get up, yeah (Get on up)
Can I get up? (Get on up)
Get up, yeah yeah (Get on up), get on up (Get on up)
Then stay on the scene, stay up (Get on up) like a lovin' machine (Get on up)
Wait a minute!

Shake your arm, yeah, then use your form
Stay on the scene like a lovin' machine
Don't check the sweat, check out the discotheque
Don't check the sweat, get at the discotheque
I'm buying into the discotheque
I got ants in my pants and I need to dance
And I'm buying a discotheque
I got ants in my pants and I need to dance
And I'm buying a discotheque
I can do the bump, huh, watch her shake her rump
I said beep beep, I guess I'll get that
Ain't it funky now? (Yeah)
Ain't it funky now? (Oh yeah)
Way down funky now
Ain't it funky now?
I got cornbread funk, molasses funk, yeah (Greasy funk)
Gravy funk, yeah, biscuit funk (Just nasty funk)
Biscuit funk (It's groovy funk)
Greasy funk (Grits and funk)
Add a little funk (Gravy funk)
Wait a minute
I said lima beans, don't make me mean
COME HERE, woman, show your move, yeah yeah yeah
Shake me to death, then, then make me groove

Now won't you get up (Get on up), Fred (Get on up)
Fred, I see one standing way over there
Now, how you like 'em, Fred? (I like 'em long and tall so I can look at 'em)
Oh, you like to look up? (You know I gotta look up)
How you like 'em, Maceo? (Strong and lovely)
UH! You like hairy legs, or you like very legs? Ah-ha-ha
How you like 'em, Pinck? (Memphis)
What he say? (Memphis)
Mem - oh, don't get so low, brother, before you flow, I mean, go
How you like 'em? (I like 'em pleasingly plump)
Well, don't get too deep in there, that's my thing over there
He tryna get over the hump but he get a greasy rump
Now, now, I don't know what you - he think I'ma go to him
You've been in love, I ain't gon' ask you nothin'
I don't care if you don't like 'em, but brother, how you like 'em?
(Showin' they're super fine) That could be anything
How you usually like 'em, Crimes? You can't play the fever
How you like 'em? (I like 'em ready to go)
Yeah, I see that, yeah, I see, I think he finna get on the corner
Yeah, he gon' put it in business, Crimes gon' put me in business
I like it like that, ah ah, I like it like that when I walk, yeah yeah yeah
I gotta tell you how I like
You don't want me to tell you how I like 'em (I know how you like 'em)
How you think I like 'em? (Hahaha)
Yeah, Lord (Very hairy on the backside)
No, I don't mean no, I don't mean no harm
But you see, you see, I like all kinda things but, uh
When I ride, I wanna glide
I want an easy ride, I need cushion in my ride
And make me glide, and have my stride when I glide
I like 'em fat like that
UH! How you like 'em, Jab?
He said 'Meaty'...
Oh, meaty, he's greedy
Wait a minute
Get on, won't you get up and (Get on up)
Get up (Get on up)
You know what? You heard that thing about them coming back from the dead?
I thought you done come out the way and come back from the dead on me
I started to say, 'Come on up, young Bobby'
Now says, get up (Get on up)
Get up, yeah (Get on up)
Wait a minute, Fred, come on and show how much soul you got
They don't think you got soul, let's get down
Get up, yeah (Get on up)
Get up, yeah (Get on up)
You know you done took Bobby's thing
You got Bobby's thing, you swear you ain't gon' sing it all the way
Get up (Get on up)
Get up (Get on up)
Wait a minute, we need to go to the bridge
'Cause I got this woman here
She wanna get down, she wanna talk that thang
But when I get on the serious side - see, I'm serious as cancer
I'm serious as cancer, Jack
I'm more direct than a heart attack
I'm sure lovin' the cape...Jack
I need to go to the bridge 'cause I gotta tell her something
I'm going to the bridge, fellas
I'm going to the bridge
I don't need no hits, just take me there

Settle down, uh
Baby - now, can I tell her about it, Maceo?
I'ma tell her now, she ain't got, she ain't got nothin' on me
Wait a minute!
Mama, come here quick, and bring that lickin' stick
Mama, come here quick, bring that lickin' stick, yeah
Mama, come here quick, yeah, and bring that lickin' stick
Mama, come here quick, huh, bring me that lickin' stick
Mama, come here quick, hey hey, and bring that lickin' stick
I don't want no mess, good God, I just can't stand the jive
If you give me that mess, then woman, don't you know
You gotta get a 9 to 5
Now, baby, come here quick, uh, bring that lickin' stick
I want you to come here quick, won't you bring me that lickin' stick
I may be Donald Duck, good God, but I ain't no Mickey Mouse
If you don't give up the thing I want, I'm gonna put it in somebody's house
Washing dishes, uh
I said come here, come here quick, yeah yeah, bring that lickin' stick
Baby, you know, every time you think you got me down, let me tell you something else, ha
You done got sick, you done slick too quick
You think you opened my nose, but if I don't give it up, give it up
I'll start charging close
Mama, come here quick, ha, bring that lickin' stick
Maceo! Bring your lickin' stick, get down!

Wait a minute!
There's Pinck, there's Jimmy, and over here is Crimes
And I'ma send Fred 'cause I think he wanna play
No, you don't play on the this here, Fred (No, I don't play this)
You play on this? You gon' play your drum?
I need some horns
Can we give the horns some? (Go ahead)
Can we give the horns some? (Yeah)
Give the horns some (Yeah)
Them boys, they gotta rip
Give the horns some - horns player, play your horn!

Wait a minute!
You cats playing so good
They're playing so good I gotta get them to try it one more time
I want them to go to the top, and bring me back down the line
Fred Thomas, can I get you to put it one top one more time?
Boy, you sure is working tonight
Fred, put it on the top, from the beginning, G
We're going to the top, Jimmy
Sweet Charlie, Sweet Charlie, baby
Sweet Charlie, baby; Sweet Charlie, baby
J.G., we're going to the top, on the top of this machine, from the top
It's gonna make more hits, horn hits

Can I say it? (Go'n say it, say it)
Smokin'!
Get up (Get on up)
Get up (Get on up)
Get up (Get on up)
