
Your love, talkin' 'bout your love
Your love' yeah' talkin' 'bout your love
Your love' woman, talkin' 'bout your love
If I took it up, shook it up' would it make you feel good?
Your love, woman, your love
If I took it up' shook it up, would it make you feel good? Oh
Ah, baby, if baby up, maybe, if gave it up, would it make you feel good?
Your love, woman, talkin' 'bout your love, your love
If you hold up, baby, can you fold it up, would it make you feel good?
Hey, low notes, your love, breakdown like a bridge
Open, HO, talkin' 'bout your love, talkin' 'bout your love
If I line it up, can I give it, huh
If you live it up, oh, but don't give it up
Your love, talkin', talkin', talkin' 'bout your love, huh, whoa

If you make it up, uh
I can't stand no walkin', but baby, I can't stand no squawkin'
I can't stand no trippin', and I can't take no lip and
I don't want no cussin', and I better not get no fussin'
I can't stand no hit, huh, I don't take no...sugar
Hey, yeah yeah yeah, get good, get it, get good
Ha ha, get good, it's getting so good, hey hey
It's got, hey, gettin', gettin', gettin', gettin', gettin', gettin', gettin', gettin', gettin'
Hey, good God, ho, come on

If you bring it up, or made it up, would it make you feel good?
Let me say it one more, your love, your love, woman
If you bring it up, made it up, would it make you feel good?
If you took it up or shook it up, would it make you feel good?
If you hold it up, fold it up, would it make you feel good?
Mmm, so good, huh, your love
Your love, yeah, your love
Your love, woman, ha
Your love, ow
Say, I can't stand no walkin', but I can't go with no stalkin'
Said I can't stand no trippin', and I better not get no lip and
I don't want no cussin', and I can't get no fussin'
I don't want no hit, and I just don't take no...sugar, hit me! OW!
Ah, your love, talkin' 'bout your wonderful, good God, funky love
I'm talkin' 'bout your funky, hey, talkin' 'bout your, uh, ha, ha
Talkin' 'bout your love, talkin' 'bout your funky, good, good love
