

When time allows my mind to sleep
When thoughts and visions of your being become as real to me as life
I then, become aware

You... Are there
With eyes closed, I can taste everywhere
(Dream Maker... Ooh)
Your eyes, your lips, your breasts, your hair
Such a dream so real, such a love I feel, I want to stay there... forever and ever...
In the realms of this dream.
Oh dream maker, oh weaver of magical dreams, make this dream come true tonight.

Dream Maker... Make my dream come true tonight. Let me take her, to the highest height that we can reach

Dream Maker... Make my dream come true tonight. Let me take her, to the highest heights, yeah, yeah

I'm not the kind of man who don't like to please, no
You don't have to ask me to get down on my knees for your love
I know I'm just a man; I do the best I can.
If that ain't good enough, then I get on up and try it again.

Baby, your spirits in me even when you're not around
Lord knows, when you're gone I get chills
Visions of lovemaking become so breath taking
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah...

Dream Maker... Make my dream come true tonight. Let me take her, to the highest height that we can reach

Oh, Dream Maker... Make my dream come true tonight. Let me take her, to the highest heights, yeah, yeah

Baby, I'm just a man with love on his mind
I don't like to make love too fast, just do me slow... girl, take your time.
And when lovemaking's though and we're fast asleep
And my dreams of loving you, a fantasy I made with all I have in it.

Baby, your spirits in me even when you're not around
Lord knows, when you're gone I get chills
Visions of lovemaking become so breath taking
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah...

Oh, Dream Maker... Make my dream come true tonight. Let me take her, to the highest height that we can reach

Dream Maker... Make my dream come true tonight. Let me take her, to the highest heights, yeah, yeah

(Dream Maker, Ooooh)


Oh dream maker, oh weaver of magical dreams, when we awake, let it be love that we make... Until it's time to dream (again)
