
Hey, Lou (Yeah, what's happenin', Ray?)
Look here (Uh-huh)

We're gonna have a supper (Really?)
We'll eat some food that's rare
Ah, at the head of the table (Mhm)
We'll place brother Henry's chair
Invite all the local big dogs (All of 'em?)
We'll laugh and talk and eat (Uh-huh)

And we'll save the bones for Henry Jones
'Cause Henry don't eat no meat

Now, listen, Ray (Talk to me)

I'm going down to the market (Go 'head)
And buy up a lotta fish (Sounds like a good idea)
(Uh-huh, yeah)
That oughta please brother Henry (You think he'll like it?)
Oh, he'll love it, 'cause, uh, fish is his special dish
I'll get a great big can of molasses (Alright)
Just to have a little something sweet (Mhm)

And we'll save the bones for Henry Jones
'Cause Henry don't eat no meat

Now, listen here, Ray (I'm listening)

You know, Henry's not a drinker (No)
Oh no, the boy rarely takes a nip (Are you sure about that?)
You see, he don't even use no napkins (Say what?)
Because the things that he eat, they don't drip (Blip)

One day we had a banquet (Really? Yeah)
It really was a bake
Well, it started out with some short ribs (Mhm)
You know, Ray, and we finished off with some good ol' steak
(Oh, I remember it well)
We thought the chops were mellow (Yeah)
But he said his chops were beat (Uh-huh)

So we served the bones to Henry Jones
'Cause Henry don't eat no meat

Come on, Mr. Jackson, give it to me

Hey, Lou (Yeah, what's happenin', baby?)
Listen to this (Yeah, what's that?)
Henry's just not no drinker (Oh, you jivin'), uh-uh
He rarely takes a nip (He won't even take a sniff?)
Never
He don't need no napkins (Well, well)
Because the things he eats don't drip (Say what?), blip (Mmm)

Our banquet was most proper
Right down to demitasse
Ah, from soup to lox and bagels (Alright)
Know what, Ray? (What's that?)
They even had some pheasant under glass
(Now ain't that class?) I'm tellin' you
But when the feast was all over
Our brother Henry just kept his seat (Really?)

So we served the bones to Henry Jones
'Cause Henry don't eat no meat

(Now you know he's a vegetarian) (Really?)
Henry don't eat no meat
(Can you believe that?)
Henry don't eat no meat
(He's got to be an egg man) (Sho 'nuff)
Henry don't eat no meat
(Give him a bone to suck on)
Henry don't eat no meat
(Alright band, get me outta here)

