
We're taught unconditional love
That blood is thicker than water
That a parent's world would revolve
Always around their son or their daughter
You pretended I was your own
And even believed that you loved me
But were always threatened by some
Invisible blood line that only you could see

You took advantage of an outreached hand
And twisted it to meet your every need
"Gimme time to re-charge my batteries
I'll see her when she's older and I'll bounce her on my knee"
Well listen to me you ungrateful fool
Here comes a dose of reality!
You'll go to your grave a sad and lonely man
The door is now closed on your pathetic little plan

On and on and on and on it goes
It's so easy to run away with nothing in tow

How can you ever sleep a wink at night
Pretending that everything is alright
And have the nerve to blame this mess on me?
Never in my life have I seen someone
So ignorant to the damage he has done
You're the rotted root in the family tree
Yeah

I tried your 4 bill therapy
I tried to make amends
But nothing could lure you out of your selfish shell again

Expecting everyone to bow and kiss your feet
Don't you see respect is not a one way street?
Blaming everyone for all that you've done wrong
I'll get my peace of mind when you hear this song

On and on and on and on it goes
And with every passing day true colors show

How can you ever sleep a wink at night
Pretending that everything is alright
And have the balls to blame this mess on me?
Never in my life have I seen someone
Oblivious to the damage he has done
You're the rotted root in the family tree
Yeah

Watch where you walk
Don't you dare cross the crooked step
Watch the way you talk
Don't cross the crooked step!


"This is a regret that you make."
"We just don't connect."
"This is a regret that you make-"
"I want my family back!"
"-and there's something you take"
"You can't have it. I'm sorry for you, but it's too late...!"
"Mistakes like this... You don't make"
"Can't you see anything except in terms of how it affects you?"
"You make some... And they'll get to you!"
"You don't love anybody!"
"I gave you money, I gave you a car, I took you in-"
"It's not OK, son!"
"-but don't that mean something?"
"A little..."
"Do I admire people too much?"
"No... You should do better!"
"That disappoints you..."
"God damn regrets!"
"You deserve to die alone for what you've done!!"
"God damn regrets!"
"Don't deny it!"
"You cocksucker, I know you can hear me."
"Don't deny it!"
"I want you to know I hate your fucking guts."
"The biggest regret in my life!"
"I wish you'd fucking die."
"I let my love go!"
"I'm your blood... I'm your family"
"Is that you?"
"You're not my family, not anymore"
"The fucking regrets!"
"When your own flesh and blood renounces you..."
"What did I do?"
"...you have no choice but to renounce them."
"What did I do?!"

On and on and on and on it goes
Chauvinistic, heartless, selfish, cold!

How can you ever sleep a wink at night
Pretending that everything is alright
And have the balls to blame this shit on me?
Never in my life have I seen someone
So fucking blind to the damage he has done
You're the rotted root in the family tree
Yeah
