
Eins, zwei, drei, alle

Ooh-ooh, you cannot reach me now
Ooh-ooh, no matter how you try
Goodbye, cruel world, it's over
Walk on by

Sitting in a bunker here behind my wall
Waiting for the worms to come (worms to come)

In perfect isolation here behind my wall
Waiting for the worms to come

Testing. One. Two. One. Two. The worms will convene at 1:15 outside Brixton Town Hall where we will be going in force!

Waiting to cut out the deadwood
Waiting to clean up the city
Waiting to follow the worms

Waiting to put on a black shirt
Waiting to weed out the weaklings
Waiting to smash in their windows and kick in their doors

Waiting for the final solution to strengthen the strain
Waiting to follow the worms

Waiting to turn on the showers and fire the ovens
Waiting for the queens and the coons and the reds and the Jews
Waiting to follow the worms

Would you like to see Britannia rule again
(Would you like to see us rule again)
My friend?
All you have to do is follow the worms

Would you like to send our coloured cousins home again
(Would you like to send them home again)
My friend?
All you need to do is follow the worms

The Worms will convene outside Brixton Bus Station, where we'll be moving along at about 12 o'clock down Stockwell Road

At that point, we'll be heading towards Lambeth Road, where we will walk calmly with resistance, leaving twelve minutes to three as we move along Lambeth Road towards Vauxhall Bridge

Now when we get to the other side of Vauxhall Bridge, we're in Westminister Borough area. It's quite possible that we may encounter some Jew boys all the way from 4, 5, and 6 on the way as we go

Now is the time to clean up the city, for this is the beginning! We need to secure our people! We can't stand around and let ourselves be robbed, maimed, and killed!

And when we make it to the Highclock Corner, I want you to spread out and find them!

Storm the halls, and then tear the walls and the doors! Break down the doors and hunt them where they are!

(Hammer! Hammer! Hammer! Hammer!)

Stop!
