
We're on a mission from Rod!

("Don't think it's quite bloody funny at all!
Don't know why you're laughing about!")

Life in the city living in L.A.
Is a long way from Huddersfield town
The back of the Rainbow's a long way from heaven
But that's where he get's his pork pie
Limos and ladies they're driving him cwazy
Wugby and cwicket's unknown
Baseball and football they're making him lazy
Your fan club says "Wodney come home"

The Sheriff of Huddersfield locked in his castle
Look down on Hollywood Hills
The Sheriff of Huddersfield locked in his castle
You're our own Hot Rod on wheels
("No, I'm not!")

A good game of arrows a few dozen barrels
The Nautilus rusts in the yard
But for Yorkshire he's yearning but because he's earning
He'll always live in L.A.
A custom made wallet that stays in his pocket
And never comes out to pay bills
He's winning at poker and playing the Joker
And he always cheats when he deals ("I don't! No!")

The Sheriff of Huddersfield locked in his castle
Look down on Hollywood Hills
The Sheriff of Huddersfield locked in his castle
You're our own Hot Rod on wheels

Hello, let me introduce meself!
My name is Rodney. I'm immensely strong
When I were a lad, I could lift up five
Navvies on an end of a shovel
The reason I never took martial arts because
I was immensely fearsome and
I'd probably kill everybody
I came into contact with it
I was phenomenally strong
Pride and ego, my lads, pride and ego
Is what makes the world rotate
And everybody knows the centre of the universe is Huddersfield
That's why I don't live there anymore
I live in Los Angeles
It's great!... I think

Rufus the red has a crane by his bed
To wrench himself up in the morn'
But if you dare to tread at the foot of his bed
You'll wish you'd never been born
("Bloody well right!")
A bear with a sore head we don't mean your forehead
He slumbers for most of the day
("Bloody watch it!")
Wide eyed and legless baked beans for breakfast
Your problem Rodney's L.A.
("No it isn't!")

The Sheriff of Huddersfield locked in his castle
Look down on Hollywood Hills
The Sheriff of Huddersfield locked in his castle
You're our own Hot Rod on wheels

The Sheriff of Huddersfield locked in his castle
Look down on Hollywood Hills
The Sheriff of Huddersfield locked in his castle
You're our own Hot Rod on wheels

"No I don't know what you're making such a fuss about!
I don't... I'm not in it for the money!
I like it here, the sun shines all night!"
