
Broadway, you never shine a light on me
I may never live to see my name in lights on a Carnegie Hall marquee
Oh, but that's alright; Lord, that's alright with me
I'm as happy, happy as a man can be

Folks in New York may never know my name
I may not win that music Hall of Fame. (Music Hall of Fame)
Gonna keep on singing my song just the same
If I don't make it there, I won't be ashamed

'Cause I'm a star in the ghetto (I'm a star in the ghetto)
If I never make Broadway, that'll be OK (Keep on shining)
I don't care what the folks up there in New York...
(I'm a star in the ghetto)... got to say, oh no (Oh no)

Hollywood, (Hollywood) Hollywood will never be my style
But I know I'm good, oh yeah, not just alright
City lights, city lights (city lights) may never shine for me
I may never make it to the top, no, win myself a Grammy

Folks in New York may never know my name
I may not win that music Hall of Fame (Music Hall of Fame)
But I'm gonna keep on singing my song, whew baby, just the same
If I never make it there I won't feel ashamed

'Cause I'm a star in the ghetto (I'm a star in the ghetto)
If I never make Broadway, sugar, that'll be OK (Keep on shining)
I don't care what the folks up there in New York...
(I'm a star in the ghetto)... what they got to say, oh no (Oh no)

Think I'm gonna make it funky
Feel like getting down, y'all
Think I wanna make it funky
Feel like getting down, yeah

Blow your horn
Yeah, it's alright
Well, go blow your horn
They say it's alright
Feel the music
Feel the music

I'm a star in the ghetto (I'm a star in the ghetto)
If I never make Broadway, that'll be OK (Keep on shining)
I don't care what the folks up there in New York...
(I'm a star in the ghetto)... I don't care what they got to say Aww nah
I'm a star in the ghetto (I'm a star in the ghetto)
If I never make Broadway, sugar, that'll be OK (Keep on shining)
I don't care what the folks in Hollywood got to say
(I'm a star in the ghetto) I don't care anyway, aww no
I'm star (I'm a star in the ghetto) and I'm shining, and I'm shining
I'm a star (I'm a star in the ghetto) Yes, I am, yeah, yeah
(Keep on shining) I'm a star in the ghetto
If I never make Broadway, that'll be OK
If I never make it to Broadway...
(Keep on shining, keep on shining)... said that will be OK
People in New York City, ah, they don't bother me...
(Keep on shining, keep on shining)... not at all, not at all
I'm gonna make it the top (Keep on shining, keep on shining)
Among the distant stars, alright (Keep on shining, keep on shining)
Sugar, it's alright
I'm a star in the ghetto (Keep on shining, keep on shining)
I'm a star in the ghetto
